The resolution , which Barber tossed into the House hopper Friday , will be formally read Monday . 
Rep. Wesley Roberts of Seminole , sponsor of the poll idea , said that further delay in the committee can kill the bill . 
Now he's gone , the Republican Party is not going to be able to sell the tattered remains to the people of the state '' . 
Princess Moune , Prince Souvanna Phouma's young daughter , read the Princes' statement . 
There are many who predict that should Barnett decide to call the Legislature back into special session , it will really throw his administration into a scramble . 
If it fails to pass , he can throw up his hands and say the Legislature would not support him in his efforts to prevent integration . 
On Monday , the Hughes concern was formally declared bankrupt after its directors indicated they could not draw up a plan for reorganization . 
The second agreement permits the authority to sell a 520-acre tract west of Stage 1 Residential to Philadelphia Builders Eastwick Corp. , a firm composed of 10 Philadelphia area builders , which is interested in developing part of the project . 
-- Engaging mature , experienced men to pioneer or open new churches in strategic population centers . 
If the Orioles are to break their losing streak within the next two days , it will have to be at the expense of the American League champion New York Yankees , who come in here tomorrow for a night game and a single test Sunday afternoon . 
Dick McAuliffe cracked the first of his two doubles against Lefty Don Rudolph to open the Bear's attack . 
I can't throw . 
After Thursday's open date , Solly plans to open with Larry Jackson against the Cubs here Friday night . 
The opinion continues here that with a 162-game schedule , pitching spread thin through a 10-team league and a most inviting target in Los Angeles' Wrigley Field Jr. , Mantle just might break the most glamorous record on the books , Babe Ruth's 60 homers of 1927 . 
Give generously when you buy candy today for the Brain Research Foundation . 
Gene Marshall , genial manager of the club , has announced that the Garden of the Gods will open to members Thursday , June 1 . 
Mrs. Marr also has a number of parolees to `` mother '' , watching to see that they do not break their parole and that they also learn to readjust to society . 
No matter how many Americans go abroad in summer , probably a hundred times as many gas up the family car , throw suitcases , kids and comic books in the back seat , and head for home . 
I'll write what you tell me to '' . 
In opening , D. Arthur Connelly , assistant United States attorney , read the indictment , but made no comments . 
Some 30 spectators remained in the court during the day and were on hand to hear the verdict read . 
Harvey said his objective was to create a better public image for welfare '' . 
The youngsters sell stock , produce and sell a product , pay taxes , and show a profit or loss just like full-scale businesses . 
`` Leading Nations of the West and of the East keep busy making newer nuclear weapons to defend themselves in the event the constantly threatening nuclear war should break out . 
For many reasons , the demand to buy shares in the Dallas-headquartered company was tremendous . 
It was not a case of the investment bankers having to sell the stock ; ; 
it was more one of allotting a few shares to a number of customers and explaining to others why they had no more to sell . 
Investors who wanted 100 shares in many cases ended up with 25 , and customers who had put in a bid to buy 400 shares found themselves with 100 and counted themselves lucky to get that many . 
-- `` The present recovery movement will gather steady momentum to lift the economy to a new historic peak by this autumn '' , Beryl W. Sprinkel , economist of Harris Trust & Savings Bank , Chicago , predicted at the closing session here Tuesday of Investment Bankers Assn. , California group , conference . 
Another speaker , William H. Draper , Jr. , former Under Secretary of the Army and now with the Palo Alto venture capital firm of Draper , Gaither & Anderson , urged the U.S. to `` throw down the gauntlet of battle to communism and tell Moscow bluntly we won't be pushed around any more '' . 
He called the Cuban tractor plan an outright blackmail action , and noted that in war `` you can't buy yourself out and that's what we're trying to do '' . 
It was a level at which some of the investors standing on the sidelines were thought likely to buy the pivotal issues represented in the averages . 
Although the Administration's program cut crop acreage to the lowest point since 1934 , farmers , with the help of extra fertilizer and good weather , are getting such high yields per acre that many are being forced to buy new harvesting machines . 
More than 20 million people live on farms and they own a fourth of the nation's trucks , buy more gasoline than any other industry and provide a major market for home appliances , chemicals and other products . 
To create such a lamp , order a wired pedestal from any lamp shop . 
Although a straight drum shade would be adequate and sufficiently neutral that the puppets could be changed without disharmony , it is far more fun to create shades in the gay spirit of a child's playtime . 
The Cumbancheros , Latin combo , open Tuesday at the Four O'Clock Club . 
Mackey Airline's new Sunshine Inn at Bimini set to open some time this month , according to Hank Johnson . 
Every family of Riviera Presbyterian Church has been asked to read the Bible and pray together daily during National Christian Family Week and to undertake one project in which all members of the family participate . 
Enrique Jorda , conductor and musical director of the San Francisco Symphony , will fulfill two more guest conducting engagements in Europe before returning home to open the symphony's Golden Anniversary season , it was announced . 
The season in San Francisco will open with a special Gala Concert on November 22 . 
The season will open at the new Hall of Flowers in Golden Gate Park on November 20 at 8:30 p.m. with a concert by the Mills Chamber Players . 
And when they sell it to television in a couple of years , it can be shown without editing . 
It is the AID's intention to create in the library `` a miniature museum of Americana '' before completed refurbishing is unveiled early this fall . 
Because neither of them really wanted their marriage to break up , Mr. and Mrs. Black agreed to a series of interviews at Family Service of Northern Virginia , the agency nearest them . 
Family Service could not open its doors to a single family without the financial support of the United Givers Fund . 
He wanted to buy time to strengthen the U. S. and its allies and to define and begin to implement his foreign policy . 
American Catholics have responded generously to bishops' and pastors' appeals for the support necessary to create parochial schools but they have not contributed in a similar fashion to the establishment of institutions of higher learning . 
But in any case , one does not have to read very closely between the lines to realize that the situation is not regarded as a particularly happy one . 
Why did they engage in a flood of mea culpas , throw a few scapegoats to the dogs and promise to be good boys thereafter , expressing their complete confidence in the laws '' ? ? 
The tortured reasoning that unions use to deny their ambition to exercise monopoly power over the supply and price of labor is one of the things that create a legal profession . 
President Eisenhower held an 8:30 a.m. meeting with top military and foreign-policy advisers , decided to break off diplomatic relations immediately . 
But by week's end the Laotian cry of invasion was read as an exaggeration ( see foreign news ) , and the U.S. was agreeing with its cautious British and French allies that a neutralist -- rather than a pro-Western -- government might be best for Laos . 
As the 87th Congress began its sessions last week , liberal Democrats were ready for a finish fight to open the sluice gates controlled by the House Rules Committee and permit the free flow of liberal legislation to the floor . 
There were two possible methods of breaching the conservative barriers around the Rules Committee : 1 ) to pack it with additional liberals and break the conservative-liberal deadlock , or 2 ) to remove one of the conservatives -- namely Mississippi's 14-term William Meyers Colmer ( pronounced Calmer ) . 
He could read on the nearby scoreboard that Palmer , by then playing the 15th hole , was leading him by a stroke . 
He gave the impression of never having read a word about art , but there was no doubt that he had an eye for the best . 
Last year Beyeler arranged to sell $1,500,000 worth of Klees to the state of North Rhine-Westphalia , which will house them in a museum that is yet to be built . 
Would not the children , if they received all their food on the first day of the month , eat it up immediately , and later go hungry ? ? 
The average Congolese can do little more than puzzle out the meaning of `` la chatte '' and `` le chien '' and write his name . 
Most members of the U.S. Senate , because they are human , like to eat as high on the hog as they can . 
The British coal industry is unprofitable , has large coal stocks it can't sell . 
What to buy out of the year's grist of nearly 15,000 book titles ? ? 
What to buy for adult and child readers , for lovers of fiction and nonfiction , for a clientele whose wants are incredibly diversified , when your budget is pitifully small ? ? 
The desire and ability to read are important aspects of our cultural life . 
We cannot consider ourselves educated if we do not read ; ; 
if we do not know how to use what we do read . 
This is one of the main reasons for National Library Week , April 16-22 , and for its theme : `` For a richer , fuller life , read '' ! ! 
The practice of charging employes for meals whether they eat at the hospital or not should be abolished . 
Starting with small stations not members of the National Association of Broadcasters , the firm apparently is seeking to break down the anti-liquor barriers in major-market stations . 
A nuclear pacifier of these dimensions -- roughly some six and a half times bigger than anything the United States has triggered experimentally -- would certainly produce a bigger bang , and , just for kicks , Khrushchev might use it to propel the seminar of the house of delegates from St. Louis to the moon , where there wouldn't even be any beer to drink . 
Pass the iron rations , please , and light another candle , for it's getting dark down here and we're minded to read a bit of world law just to pass the time away . 
This tends to create friction and confusion and has not made it easier for Secretary Rusk to restore vigor and initiative among his subordinates . 
Mr. Rusk should also draw comfort from Sen. Jackson's recommendation that congressional methods of dealing with national security problems be improved . 
James P. Mitchell , when he was the head of the department , promised to eat his hat if unemployment didn't drop below three million a couple of years ago . 
But so convinced of communism's inevitable triumph is Prince Sihanouk that he is ready to throw in the towel . 
Gov. Dalton's New Commerce and Industry Commission is moving to create a nine-state regional group in a collective effort to attract new industry . 
She was ready to kill the beef , dress it out , and with vegetables from her garden was going to can soup , broth , hash , and stew against the winter . 
`` The county , though , seems more interested in those people who don't even try , those who sit and draw welfare checks and line up for surplus food '' . 
Yet we who lean upon such a man and draw strength from him and expect interpretation of the infinite through him -- we who readily accept his sacrifice as our due , we of the congregations are the first to tell him what is in our minds instead of listening to what is in his soul . 
If we break the minister to our bit , we are buying back our own sins . 
If he won't break , we add to the stress he bears . 
They insist they are ashamed of such violence and intimidation as occurred in Alabama when the Freedom Riders sought to break down racial discrimination in local bus depots . 
But most learn to color and paint as and when they are ready with only a very little demonstration . 
The brush moves up and down and is small enough to clean every dental surface , including the back of the teeth . 
the athlete of by-gone years who wears a size 46 suit and puffs when he has finished a sentence of any length then , it is time to break it up and move on . 
This would seem to indicate that we are trying neither `` to halt an influx of migrants '' nor are we `` setting up such standards for development that only the well-to-do could afford to buy land and build in the new sites '' . 
I feel compelled to write this because I am greatly concerned with the problem of community growth rate and the relation between types of growth in a town such as East Greenwich . 
A few weeks ago , I read in the Bulletin that there were to be given Chinese classes in Cranston . 
The following week , I read in the Sunday paper that the students of Russia begin European and Asian languages in the seventh grade . 
But when you write to Congresswoman Church , bless her heart , your letter is answered fully and completely . 
Sir -- I read of a man who felt he should not build a fallout shelter in his home because it would be selfish for him to sit secure while his neighbors had no shelters . 
I feel that few burglars would be prone to break and enter into someone's apartment if they were met with a good hardy growl that a dog would provide . 
Why not put a cafe in each so the tourists would not have to travel too far to eat ? ? 
As an added suggestion to balance the budget , the Government could sell advertising space on the Washington Monument . 
Enough trading stamps were collected to buy a 12-passenger station wagon . 
Maybe he can clean out the white elephants in some of the city departments such as welfare , DPW and sanitation . 
Our litterbug ordinances are not enforced and I have yet to read of a conviction in a littering case . 
Everyone should take time to read Martin Luther's Hymn `` A Mighty Fortress Is Our God '' . 
No matter that it is his troops who rape Western women and eat Western men . 
To write a play , the dramatist once needed an idea plus the imagination , the knowledge of life and the craft to develop it . 
he and his prospective producer just read the bestseller lists . 
Several more will open soon . 
Small , shirt-sleeved orchestras play in 2/4 or 4/4 time , using guitars , violins , and more alien instruments with names that would open Sesame : the oud , grandfather of the lute ; ; 
As we know , the Soviet peasant today still very largely thrives on being able to sell the produce grown on his private plot ; ; 
he may break with China ( which would be infernally difficult and perhaps disastrous ) , or he may succeed , by all kinds of dangerous concessions , in persuading China to be patient . 
There were no `` casualties '' , but the `` guerrillas '' admitted to being `` a little tired '' when the leaders called a halt at 9 A.M. to enable out-of-town members to catch a plane . 
I would hope that Sargent Shriver will encourage everyone entering the Peace Corps to read it . 
Let the media clean house , too 
`` I have read an advance copy of the Snow book which is to be titled , ' Science And Government . 
Allied Arts then notified us that the Kirov would cut short its Los Angeles booking , fly here to open Nov. 28 , and close Dec. 2 . 
An exhibition of Evelyn Cibula's paintings will open with a reception Nov. 5 at the Evanston Community center , 828 Davis St. . 
It's a wonder , really , to how much mendacious trouble Larkin puts himself to sell the Jerebohms that preposterous manse . 
When he needs money to buy something like , say , the Rolls-Royce he keeps near his vegetable patch , he takes a flyer in the sale of surplus army supplies . 
He is willing to sell it just to get it off his hands . 
And the Jerebohms are more than willing to buy it . 
All the generals who held important commands in World War 2 , did not write books . 
If 500 Japanese were ordered to hold a position , we had to kill 495 before it was ours -- and then the last five killed themselves '' . 
The dialogue is sharp , witty and candid -- typical `` don't eat the daisies '' material -- which has stamped the author throughout her books and plays , and it was obvious that the Theatre-by-the-Sea audience liked it . 
The company which performed the Pulitzer Prize musical here last night and will repeat it twice today is full of bounce , the politicians are in fine voice , the chorines evoke happy memories , and the Little Flower rides to break a lance again . 
Bob Carroll may not bear quite as close a physical resemblance to LaGuardia as Tom Bosley does , but I was amazed at the way he became more and more Fiorello as the evening progressed , until one had to catch one's self up and remember that this wasn't really LaGuardia come back among us again . 
And how he could write ! ! 
To his Harvard colleague , Josiah Royce , whose philosophic position differed radically from his own , James could write , `` Different as our minds are , yours has nourished mine , as no other social influence ever has , and in converse with you I have always felt that my life was being lived importantly '' . 
Of another colleague , George Santayana , he could write : `` The great event in my life recently has been the reading of Santayana's book . 
He would like to put several sentences on top of each other so that you could read them all at once , and get all at once , the various shadings and complexities '' . 
Anyone can draw his own conclusions from this difference . 
And pretty soon gray fox is announcing that he won't have anyone around that's against him , and setting out to break his second territorial treaty with the birds . 
There is an almost instrumental quality to their singing , with a tendency to lift out important lines and make them lead the musical texture . 
Jazz Three open program 
It may be , of course , that Mr. Louis is consciously trying to create works that anticipate an age of total automation . 
Not content to create only the music and lyrics , Noel Coward also wrote the book and directed Sail Away ( Capitol WAO 1643 ; ; 
Systematically he would open and ransack drawers . 
This reviewer read the book when it was first brought out in England with a sense of discovery and excitement . 
You can catch up with him -- if you haven't already -- on RCA-Victor's album . 
Those of us who read the papers may think we know a good deal about that election ; ; 
It is clear from this discussion that cosmologists of every persuasion look hopefully toward the day when a man-made satellite can be equipped with optical devices which will open up new vistas to science . 
But while she is able to tell her retarded family about the new world she has seen open before her , Ronnie has not been able to observe her progress , and instead of appearing at a family party to be looked over like a new bull , he sends Beatie a letter of dismissal . 
Since 1892 ears of red , yellow , purple and white corn have annually been nailed to 11 big picture panels to create huge `` paintings '' . 
With an art that almost conceals art , J. D. Salinger can create a fictional world so authentic that it hurts . 
But slowly they take over as Alain Delon ( Life , Sept. 15 ) , playing a sometimes appealing but always criminal boy , casually tells a rich and foot-loose American that he is going to murder him , then does it even while the American is trying to puzzle out how Delon expects to profit from the act . 
The reasons are that America generally believes that she can buy anything with dollars , and that she compulsively strives to be liked . 
In this same society , the plain citizen can with an average of only one-fifth his income buy more calories than he can consume . 
And in the wake of the new affluence and the new techniques of processing comes a new American interest in how what people eat affects their health . 
To eat is human , the nation is learning to think , to survive divine . 
Grocery stores sell dozens of foods that boast of having almost no food value at all . 
Americans eat too much . 
Americans eat too much fat . 
Despite his personal distaste for obesity ( `` disgusting '' ) , Dr. Keys has only an incidental interest in how much Americans eat . 
Apparently he does not intend that those who read or view this play should think of the devil as being actually real . 
The members of the community do not create the spirit but rather find it present and waiting for them . 
The article proceeded to give an inaccurate account of a Catholic plot to kill King James 1 . 
In 1864 Newman professedly had to write his Apologia with his keenest feelings in order to be believed and to command a fair hearing from English readers . 
His interpretation of the beginning on the basis of the end prompts him to draw these parallels between the Virgin Eve and the Virgin Mary . 
`` Along with the fruit they did also fall under the power of death , because they did eat in disobedience ; ; 
Parker insisted upon not resigning , even when the majority wanted him to depart , upon daring the Fellowship to throw him out . 
-- that should a minister in Boston trust himself to his heart , should he `` speak without book , and consequently break some law of speech , or be hurried into some daring hyperbole , he should find little mercy '' . 
Why not open your heart to the Lord Jesus Christ now , accept Him as your Saviour and let Him fill you with peace that only He can give . 
In Psalm 27 : 1 you read those beautiful words which you must have in your heart if you are to master the fears that surround you , or to drive them out if they have you in their grip : `` The Lord is my light and my salvation ; ; 
Read the next two verses : `` When the wicked , even mine enemies and my foes , came upon me to eat up my flesh , they stumbled and fell . 
Our enemy is also threatening to devour us . 
The enemies at his gate , threatening to eat up his flesh , were nothing compared with the enemy of sin within his own soul . 
Some pastors write a letter the same night the decision is reported by the visitors . 
Urge them to write out their questions for the box . 
Ask each member to write a statement on such topics as : `` What Christ Means To Me '' , `` What The Church Means To Me '' , `` Why Join The Church '' , `` The Duties Of Church Members '' , etc. . 
If we have not thought and made a decision entirely in these terms , then we need to submit ourselves to the following `` simple test '' : `` Have we decided how we are to kill the other members of our household in the event of our being less injured than they are '' ? ? 
That is why it is so very important that ethical analysis keep clear the problem of decision as to `` permitted '' effects , and not draw back in fright from any conceivable contingency or suffer paralysis of action before possibilities or probabilities unrelated , or not directly morally related , to what we can and may and must do as long as human history endures . 
These balls are moving in great circles and ellipses , and are of course , the electrons , the particles of negative electricity which by their action create the forces that tie this atom of calcium to the neighboring atoms of oxygen and make up the solid structure of my finger bone . 
Thus , the emperor could draw on sources not available to those with less puissant ancestors . 
Pope Leo 13 , on the 13th day of December 1898 , granted the following indulgences : `` An indulgence of three hundred days is granted to all the Faithful who read the Holy Gospels at least a quarter of an hour . 
Pope Pius the Sixth , at Rome , in April , 1778 , wrote the following : `` The faithful should be excited to the reading of the Holy Scriptures : For these are the most abundant sources which ought to be left open to everyone , to draw from them purity of morals and of doctrine , to eradicate errors which are so widely disseminated in these corrupt times '' . 
The American Bishops assembled at the Third Plenary Council of Baltimore urged the Catholic people to read the Holy Bible . 
Since the Catholic Church expresses such desire that the Sacred Scriptures be read , the following taken from the Holy Bible ( New Catholic Edition ) will prove a means of grace and a source of great spiritual blessing . 
He has said , `` Behold , I stand at the door , and knock : if any man hear my voice , and open the door , I will come in to him , and will sup with him , and he with me '' ( Revelation 3:20 : : 
When you read me , you are holding in your hands the product of many minds and hearts . 
Bedridden people say I am easy to hold -- and read . 
At first I was happy to throw the support of our newspaper behind this man . 
From that day on I began to write editorials about the things I did not think correct in Fidel Castro's regime . 
Too often a beginning bodybuilder has to do his training secretly either because his parents don't want sonny-boy to `` lift all those old barbell things '' because `` you'll stunt your growth '' or because childish taunts from his schoolmates , like `` Hey lookit Mr. America ; ; 
Undoubtedly you have read the case histories of some of his prize-winning pupils ( every pupil has a physique title of some kind or other ) . 
The aspects of physical development that catch the judges' eyes and which rightfully influence their decisions are symmetry and that hallmark of the true champion -- superior definition of the muscles . 
It's best to buy them fresh from a dealer who is working to improve them . 
Sometimes it takes several `` eatings '' of avocado to catch that delightful quality in taste that has made it such a favorite throughout the world . 
And unlike other fruits , one cannot eat the skin of the avocado . 
No need to kill an entire city and all its people because we lacked the precision and reconnaissance to selectively disarm the enemy's military force . 
Few people realize that one kiloton of nuclear explosive power will create 1,000 psi overpressure at 100 feet . 
Steinberg obviously has concluded that it is the lyric element which must dominate in this score , and he manages at times to create the effect of the whole orchestra bursting into song . 
By recognizing and helping Juniors get interested in the dog world , all will be helping to create future dog owners . 
Marine dealers and even some manufacturers who sell direct in non-dealer areas cooperate in enabling you to launch now and pay later . 
shotshells -- to break the little Targo clay targets . 
A trap for throwing these miniature clays fastens to the barrel so that the shooter can throw his own targets . 
They'll travel 50 feet or more when thrown from the spring trap but it's almost impossible to break one after it passes the 35-foot mark . 
The single-barrel Stevens 940Y ( under $35 ) is made with a side lever rather than a top-tang lever because many youngsters aren't strong enough to operate a top tang to open a gun -- and the side lever does indeed open very easily . 
Then the Chinese hostler , who rode with Vernon on the box , would break open a hamper and produce filets of smoked bass or sturgeon , sandwiches , pickled eggs , and a rum sangaree to be heated over a spirit lamp . 
He was copious in his praise of those that served food that was good to eat . 
Of special interest this anniversary year of the war between the states are the many Civil War battlefields where , likely as not , you'll catch some memorial re-enactments . 
Don't forget to buy a plastic pastry brush for basting with sauces . 
Do buy meat the day or the day before you intend to cook it . 
It's cheaper to buy Wall-Tex and cover your outdoor table . 
Or buy half a dozen lengths of oilcloth and change patterns for different kinds of barbecues . 
Do buy all-purpose mugs or cups . 
As you pull out of your motel or national park home-for-the-night , visit a market and buy just what you need for the next meal . 
Coney Island sauce : finely chop several onions and add enough catsup to moisten well ; ; 
gently lift the edge on far side , then continue to release edge completely around mold . 
Place project on table and carefully lift the mold off . 
If the background of design is too smooth , or you wish to create a wood-grained effect , it may be added at this time with a dull tool such as the handle of a fine paintbrush . 
When directions read `` sl a marker on needle '' , put a small safety pin , paper clip , or commercial ring marker on needle . 
Do not draw yarn too tight . 
She also banks into a turn like a fine runabout -- not digging in on the outside to throw passengers all over the boat like many a small cabin cruiser . 
All framing in Hotei is one-inch mahogany which , in the dressed state you buy it , is about the 13/16-inch thickness specified in the drawings . 
If you don't own a planer and don't want to buy one , it's well worth renting . 
In this sequence I shall write about them in the order of their erection . 
Our experience has taught us that it pays to buy the best equipment possible , from pipes to brushes . 
You can get year-'round air conditioners in the same variety of styles in which you buy a furnace alone -- high or low boy , horizontal or counterflow . 
If the house you plan to buy or build won't have big overhangs , you can still do a fair job of keeping the sun off walls and windows with properly designed trellises , fences and awnings . 
Your invitation to write about Serge Prokofieff to honor his 70th Anniversary for the April issue of Sovietskaya Muzyka is accepted with pleasure , because I admire the music of Prokofieff ; ; 
In this changed world , Prokofieff settled to find himself , and to create for large national purpose . 
a poor attempt to write an idiomatic jazz concerto ; ; 
During all this time Roy continued to paint , first only on weekends , and then , as the family business permitted , for longer periods . 
In the best tradition , he first taught himself to see , then to draw with accuracy and assurance , and then to paint . 
It has been my privilege to paint with Roy Mason on numerous occasions , mostly in the vicinity of Batavia . 
From this point , I paint in as direct a manner as possible , by flowing on the washes with as pure a color mixture as I can manage . 
`` In addition to the usual tools , I make constant use of cleansing tissue , not only to wipe my brushes , but to mop up certain areas , to soften edges , and to open up lights in dark washes . 
rather his pictures invite the observer to draw on his memory , his imagination , his nostalgia . 
Eventually the class will be able to kick up high enough so that the teacher can catch the leading leg . 
By combining the talents of a medical man , Dr. Aterman , a biophysicist , Mr. Berkely , and an electronics expert , Dr. Zworykin , this novel technique has been developed which promises to open broad avenues to understanding life processes . 
From this doctors can read heart rate , change in diameter , pressure , and effective heart power . 
his wife taught the two boys to read and write Danish . 
they read every book that they could borrow in the village . 
There are three principal feed bunk types for dairy and beef cattle : ( 1 ) Fence-line bunks -- cattle eat from one side while feed is put in from the opposite side of the fence by self-unloading wagons ; ; 
( 3 ) Special bunks -- as discussed here , they permit cattle to eat from all sides . 
Animals eat only from one side , so the fence-line bunk must be twice as long as the mechanical bunk . 
Have you audited your program recently to weed out those phases that draw least participation ? ? 
Too many plant officials are all too eager to buy a package program from an insurance company simply because it works for another plant . 
Above all , don't set up extravagant fringe benefits just to buy employee good will . 
Have the insurance company or your own accounting department break down the cost of your insurance package periodically . 
It's usually not too hard to sell workers on this as it gives them longer holiday periods . 
You read various guesses on how many Americans are camping . 
It would be a mistake to sell those thousands of beginning campers on the idea they're buying the comforts of home . 
forcing them into management can only create trouble . 
Further , the management path does not open the door to higher opportunities than are offered by the more technical path . 
Not a year goes by but what several local companies in the U.S. and Canada , even overseas , write to Fueloil & Oil Heat to inquire if it's feasible and where it is being done . 
Again , the oil man must read the meters at such intervals as he finds best . 
Its figures are a half inch high and very easy to read , even into tenth gallons . 
Of course , if you want to throw all caution to the winds and rent an Imperial or Cadillac limousine just for you and your bride , you'll have a memorable tour , but it won't be cheap , and it is not recommended unless you own a producing oil well or you've had a winner in the Irish Sweepstakes . 
A British officer had come aboard and told him that in case of enemy air attack he was not to open fire until bombs were actually dropped . 
Below decks , Seaman 1/c Stanley Bishop had begun to write a letter home . 
Because the food is selected with thought for its nutritional value , care for its origin , and prepared in a manner that retains the most nutrients , the food does taste good . 
When served in a psychological atmosphere that allows young bodies to assimilate the greatest good from what they eat because they are free from tension , a foundation is laid for a high level of health that releases the children from physical handicaps to participate with enjoyment in the work assignments , the athletic programs and the most important phase , the educational opportunities . 
The basis for compost materials already existed on the school farm with a stable of animals for the riding program , poultry for eggs , pigs to eat garbage , a beef herd and wastes of all kinds . 
`` Lillian's bread is so good and everything tastes so much better here that it is hard not to eat too much '' , said the secretary ruefully eyeing her extra pounds . 
At the beginning of the school year , the new students don't eat the cereal right away , but within a short time they are eating it voraciously . 
They tasted good to him , so he brought some to breakfast to eat in his cereal bowl with milk and honey . 
At the end of the calculated time he'd nose the Waco down through the cloud bank and hope to break through where some feature of the winter landscape would be recognizable . 
I , frankly , can't draw a straight line . 
If you do decide to write , you will soon become acquainted with rejection slips and dejection . 
It has been truly said that anything man can imagine he can produce or create by projecting this inner image into its counterpart in the objective world . 
Not only can man project his imagination out into his environment in concrete forms , but even more importantly , he can turn it inward to help create new and better forms of himself . 
It is far better to have such conditions treated in advance than to have them show up on the honeymoon where they can create a really serious situation . 
Folk-lore , superstition and remembered passages from erotic literature can create physical and emotional problems if blindly taken as scientific facts and useful hints . 
`` The actor had had much to drink and apparently became very violent . 
He urged her to buy one of his machines -- for $300 . 
When she said that she didn't have the money , he said that she could come in for treatment with his office model until she was ready to buy one . 
Lee renewed his pressure on Mrs. Shaefer to buy his machine when she visited him the next day . 
By preying on the sick , by playing callously on the hopes of the desperate , by causing the sufferer to delay proper medical care , these medical ghouls create pain and misery by their very activity . 
In the parapsychology foundation's long-range experiment , readings are made by a variety of sensitives for a large number of cooperating sitters , trying to throw light on this question of the significance of mediumistic statements . 
Part-time farmers generally must pay higher prices for supplies than full-time farmers because they buy in smaller quantities . 
Some part-time farmers buy more land than they need in anticipation of suburban development . 
When surplus land is not expensive to buy or to keep up , it is usually better to buy it than to buy so small an acreage that the development of adjoining properties might impair the residential value of the farm . 
If you have a planting of half an acre or more you may want to buy a small garden tractor ( available for $300 to $500 with attachments , 1960 prices ) . 
and ( 2 ) whether you want to buy or rent . 
If you are not well acquainted with the area in which you wish to locate , or if you are not sure that you and your family will like and make a success of farming , usually you would do better to rent a place for a year or two before you buy . 
Then if you change jobs you won't necessarily have to sell the farm . 
The presence of alternative job opportunities also will make the place easier to sell if that should become desirable . 
If you grow anything to sell you will need markets nearby . 
If you plan to sell fresh vegetables or whole milk , for example , you should be close to a town or city . 
The issue was settled on shore , Greene winning and Wilson remaining ashore , determined to catch the next fishing boat back to England . 
Having achieved this end , he was able to buy 116,000 square miles in the valleys of the Red and Assiniboine rivers . 
As these Swiss were moving from the Selkirk settlement to become the first civilian residents of Minnesota , Dousman of Michilimackinac , Michigan , and Prairie Du Chien was traveling to Red River to open a trade in merchandise . 
`` I have done everything '' , he wrote , `` to break up the whole of that unfortunate establishment . 
One wrote : `` ( I am so hungry ) I could eat a rider off his horse & snap at the stirups '' . 
After he had been away from home about a year he wrote : `` ( dear Wife ) if I did not write and receive letters from you I believe that I would forgit that I was married . 
if they should bite before I wake , I pray the Lord their jaws to break '' . 
Near the end of his service he wrote that when the war was over he was going to buy two pups , name one of them `` Fall-in '' and the other `` Close-up '' , and then shoot them both , `` and that will be the end of Fall-in and Close-up '' . 
I eat too much eggs and poark . 
Occasionally they would write to the slaves . 
Occasionally gay young blades would write vividly to boon companions at home about their amorous exploits in Richmond , Petersburg , Washington , or Nashville . 
Publishers want books that will sell , recording studios want discs that will not seem strange to ears used to hillbilly and jazz music , grade and high schools want quaint , but moral , material . 
he divided humanity into `` right guys '' and `` wrong guys '' , and the wrong ones he was always willing to kill and trample under . 
He was also at the same time gaining practical experience as a safe breaker and highwayman , and learning how to shoot to kill from a Neanderthal convicted murderer named Gene Geary , later committed to Chester Asylum as a homicidal maniac , but whose eyes misted with tears when the young Dion sang a ballad about an Irish mother in his clear and syrupy tenor . 
Earthquakes result when movements in the earth twist rocks until they break . 
So Mel Chandler set out to sell him on the spirit of Garryowen , just as he himself had been sold a short time before . 
Artillery and air strikes were called in to kill them by the hundreds . 
If they were , Walter Lippmann would be writing the same columns as George Sokolsky , and Herb Lock would have nothing to draw cartoons about . 
It is they who read -- and make -- Jewish best-sellers and then persuade their husbands to read them . 
A sympathetic friend made poultices of raw potato parings , which she said was the best and quickest way to draw out the `` heat '' . 
William , who did not write to Gorham , told Giffen that unless he could operate the plantation as usual for a year , he would sue `` amicably '' to protect his interests . 
Although Pearson disbelieved almost everything Lizzie said , and read a sinister purpose into almost everything she did , he happily accepted her statement about Bridget as the whole truth . 
The people who believe and retell the legend have apparently never troubled to read the trial testimony and do not know that the maid changed her testimony on several key points , always to the detriment of Lizzie . 
She named 48 items , and said there were `` many more things which it would take too long to write '' . 
She read Maitland's Dark Ages , `` which I enjoyed very much '' ; ; 
It is at least as important as the more dramatic attempts to break down barriers of inequality in the South . 
Of course , it can be argued that an ability to write English correctly and with some degree of elegance is a marketable skill . 
We produce peanut oil , but to a much greater extent we eat the entire seed . 
Locust gum is added to pulp slurries to break up the lumps of fibers in making paper . 
This became a common byword durin' the boom days when Eastern and foreign capital were so eager to buy cattle interests . 
Even then , if she took one step forward he could catch her . 
Jones yelled , `` or she'll kill 'em all . 
Very slowly he maneuvered his rawboned bay gelding , edging closer , watching for a chance to throw , but ready to spin and run , rope whining about his head , horse edging tensely under him , but the gelding was obedient and responded and was not paralyzed by the close proximity of the lion . 
The lioness quickly changed front , when she saw she couldn't catch Means , and made for Jones . 
As she had done with Means , she gained rapidly at first , but then Baldy began to draw away . 
There was room to make a quick dash past the bush and throw as you went . 
While fifty years before , Albert Goodwill Spalding , secretary of the Chicago Ball Club of the National League , could write earnestly to the manager of the Buffalo club and request a guarantee of one hundred dollars for a baseball game in August , in this Golden Era a game at the Yankee Stadium might bring in nearly a hundred thousand dollars at the gate . 
While women had always attended ball games in small numbers ( it was the part of a `` dead game sport '' in the early years of the twentieth century to be taken out to the ball park and to root , root , root for the home team ) , they had often sat in patient martyrdom , unable even to read the scoreboard , which sometimes seemed to indicate that one team led another by a score of three hundred and eighty to one hundred and fifty-one . 
One manufacturer who held an allegedly basic patent said : `` I would readily put over $50,000 into the manufacture of the device , but it is so easy to make that we would enter immediately into a prolonged ordeal of patent litigation which would eat up all our profits '' . 
Paintings by Titian , Caravaggio , and Rubens are on display ( open 9:30 to 4:00 ) . 
If you have taken this stroll in the morning , and you have the time and inclination , walk to the right along the crowded Corso for half a dozen blocks to visit the fine private collection of paintings -- mainly of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries -- in the Palazzo Doria ( open Sunday , Tuesday , and Thursday , 10:00 to 1:00 ) . 
This is precisely what happened when the Puerto Ricans arrived in their thousands -- and the bitterness thus caused is , as I write , being fought out all up and down those streets . 
The sensational and frightening enjoyed popularity : a train rushes straight at the audience , or a great wave threatens to break over the seats . 
Although he incited a few friendly Indians to pillage the invaders , and even kill some of them , the Carolina advance continued . 
Tampering with the Post Office may infuriate every voter who can write . 
It will be painful , but interesting , to see what kind of a god these people will create or what strong convictions they will develop . 
As far as I am concerned there is continuous piling up of evidence that the creative fresh ideas which are needed in the world are going to be found by educated women unafraid to break traditions . 
Masu also uses the training she got in an American home where she learned to polish furniture , clean corners , and work effectively in keeping a shiny house . 
and again , that `` the object of non-violent resistance is partly analogous to this object of war -- namely , to demoralize the opponent , to break his will , to destroy his confidence , enthusiasm , and hope . 
I write about Northern liberals from considerable personal experience . 
but at the same time it should not draw false inferences therefrom . 
But what if somebody decides to break it ? ? 
A few months ago it was a fairly typical landlord who in the dead of night lugged me up a mountainside to drink from a spring famous in the neighborhood for its clarity and flavor . 
a cigarette would taste particularly good . 
Above , in the tiled prosceniums of the alcoves , boys sing the ghazals of Hafiz and Saadi , while at the very bottom , in the vaults , the toughs and blades of the city hoot and bang their drums , drink arak , play dice , and dance . 
In his native Cologne , where his mother taught him to play the piano , he was able to read notes before he learned the alphabet . 
He recalled that in California after a critic had attacked him for `` still trying to sell Bruckner to the Americans '' , the public's response at the next concert was a standing ovation . 
Capable of enduring friendships , they were also stout controversialists , who could write with a drop of vitriol on their pens . 
The field , then , is ripe for new Southerners to step to the fore and write of this twentieth-century phenomenon , the Southern Yankeefication : the new urban economy , the city-dweller , the pains of transition , the labor problems ; ; 
Lacking the pioneer spirit necessary to write of a new economy , these writers seem to be contenting themselves with an old one that is now as defunct as Confederate money . 
Writers openly admit that the Negro is easier to write than the white man ; ; 
But her conscious need was to break away from constricting patterns of form , a need to let the experience shape itself . 
Chance , he finds , enables him to create `` a world beyond imagination '' . 
And so I would only touch upon it now ( much as I have long wanted to write a book about it ) . 
We now practically read it , all men are created equal except Negroes . 
When the Know-nothings get control , it will read , All men are created equal except Negroes and foreigners and Catholics . 
I am usually filled with an uneasiness that through some unwitting slip all hell may break loose . 
In fact , insofar as science generates any fear , it stems not so much from scientific prowess and gadgets but from the fact that new unanswered questions arise , which , until they are understood , create uncertainty . 
The only chance of renovation is to open our eyes and see the mess . 
At a party an English intellectual -- so-called -- asked me why I write always about distress . 
Monogamy is the vice from which the abjectly fearful middle class continue to suffer , whereas the beatnik has the courage to break out of that prison of respectability . 
From above one could only occasionally catch a glimpse of life on the floor of this green sea : a neighbor's gingham skirt flashing into sight for an instant on the path beneath her grape-arbor , or the movement of hands above a clothesline and the flutter of garments hung there , half-way down the block . 
Three of these only were protected from us by stern commandment : the roses , whose petals might not be collected until they had fallen , to be made into perfume or rose-tea to drink ; ; 
Sleepily , as if half-reluctant to break the silence , he lifted his voice : `` Rhu-beb-ni-ice nice fresh rhu-beb today '' ! ! 
he tossed a paper toward every front door , and housewives came down to their steps to pick them up and read what their neighbors had been doing . 
The artistic interest , then , lies in what the encounter may be made to represent , in the power of some central significance to draw the details into relevance and meaningfulness . 
On the other hand , the fictional detective does not break strikes or handle divorce cases ; ; 
At the same time , because the personal code of the detective coincides with the legal dictates of his society , because he likes to catch criminals , he is in middle class eyes a virtuous man . 
The latter are either too stupid to catch the killer or too corrupt to care . 
Dashiell Hammett resolved this contradiction by ceasing to write mystery stories and turning to other pursuits . 
For the occasion on which everyone already knows everyone else and the host wishes them to meet one or a few honored newcomers , then the `` open house '' system is advantageous because the honored guests are fixed connective points and the drifting guests make and break connections at the door . 
He opens his discourse , however , with a review of the Eisenhower inaugural festivities at which a sympathetic press had assembled its massive talents , all primed to catch some revelation of the emerging new age . 
Otherwise , we go on endlessly trying to draw the line , color and other , as to which kind of man we wish to see dominate . 
The proprietor is able to create a leadership impossible in the corporate structure with its board of directors and stockholders . 
He gave us a simile to explain his admission that even at the worst period of his second illness it never occurred to him there was any renewed question about his running : as in the Battle of the Bulge , he had no fears about the outcome until he read the American newspapers . 
And the best way to conceal and disguise the elements of an incest story is not to set out to write an incest story . 
I had read the story many times without asking myself why it affected me or caring why it did . 
It was very widely read , too ; ; 
He and also Mr. Cowley and Mr. Warren have fallen to the temptation which besets many of us to read into our authors -- Nathaniel Hawthorne , for example , and Herman Melville -- protests against modernism , material progress , and science which are genuine protests of our own but may not have been theirs . 
His own testimony is that he has read very little in the history of the South , implying that what he knows of that history has come to him orally and that he knows the world around him primarily from his own unassisted observation . 
There is evidence to suggest , in fact , that many authors of the humorous sketches were prompted to write them -- or to make them as indelicate as they are -- by way of protesting against the artificial refinements which had come to dominate the polite letters of the South . 
It would be profitable , I believe , to read these realistic humorists alongside Faulkner's works , the thought being not that he necessarily read them and owed anything to them directly , but rather that they dealt a hundred years ago with a class of people and a type of life which have continued down to our time , to Faulkner's time . 
Even if people do , in a not far distant future , begin to read one another's minds , there will still be the question of whether what you find in another man's mind is especially worth reading -- worth more , that is , than what you can read in good books . 
Under her father's influence it did not occur to Henrietta that she might write on subjects outside the Jewish field , but she did begin writing for other Anglo-Jewish papers and thus increased her output and her audience . 
Young Morris , who , while attending the University of Pennsylvania , also taught and edited a paper , found time to write Henrietta twenty-page letters on everything that engaged his interest , from the acting of Sarah Bernhardt in Philadelphia to his reactions to the comments of `` Sulamith '' on the Jewish reform movement being promulgated by the Hebrew Union College in Cincinnati . 
When her right hand was incapacitated by the rheumatism , Sadie learned to write with her left hand . 
And like Jo March , who saw her sisters Meg and Amy involved in `` lovering '' before herself , Henrietta saw her sisters Rachel and Sadie drawn outside their family circle by the attraction of suitors , Rachel by Joe Jastrow , and Sadie by Max Lobl , a young businessman who would write her romantic descriptions of his trips by steamboat down the Mississippi . 
Miriam now ordered Pengally to break down the gate , but he said he really couldn't go that far . 
To play the guitar as he aspires will devour his three-fold energy as a historian , a poet and a singer . 
`` My mother read a book right after I was born and there was a Lilian in the book she loved and I became Lilian -- and eventually I became Paula '' . 
She knelt out of reverence for having read the Meditations of St. Augustine . 
She read everything else she could get her hands on , including an article ( she thinks it was in the Atlantic Monthly ) by Mark Twain on `` White Slavery '' . 
These peoples , desperately hoping to lift themselves to decent levels of living must not , by our neglect , be forced to seek help from , and finally become virtual satellites of , those who proclaim their hostility to freedom . 
Further , we must induce all industrialized nations of the Free World to work together to help lift the scourge of poverty from less fortunate . 
He probably didn't mean to write it this way , or maybe he did . 
Even Harriet could boldly write , `` I know not how it is ; ; 
A year later another Salem ship returned from Burma with a cargo of gum lacquer which nobody wanted to buy . 
When he heard that Paul Whiteman was looking for singers to replace the Rhythm Boys , Mercer applied and got the job , `` not for my voice , I'm sure , but because I could write songs and material generally '' . 
`` I couldn't write with them in the same room with me , but I could with Harold . 
`` He's a wrong-o '' , said Runyon , `` and I wouldn't trust him as far as I could throw the Statue of Liberty '' . 
The Hetman told me to take the story over the phone and to write it . 
I used to go with Watson to call on the eminent neurologist at his apartment , to sit among the doctor's excellent collection of statues , paintings , and books and drink Oriental coffee while Watson seemed to thaw out and become almost affable . 
Certainly one of the most important comments that can be made upon the spiritual and cultural life of any period of Western civilization during the past sixteen or seventeen centuries has to do with the way in which its leaders have read and interpreted the Bible . 
For a freshman Congressman to read political Lessons to graybeard Democrats was poor policy for one who needed to make friends . 
`` I must hurry to catch my train '' . 
Like Green , Trevelyan aimed to write a history not of `` English kings or English conquests '' , but of the English people . 
If only for this modest masterpiece of military history , Blenheim is likely to be read and reread long after newer interpretations have perhaps altered our picture of the Marlborough wars . 
I had advised friends to write me to `` No Man's Land , Pont Kehl , Between Strasbourg and Kehl , France-Germany '' . 
Sherman insisted that cavalry could not successfully break up hostile railways , yet Garrard's Covington raid and Rousseau's Opelika raid cut two-thirds of the rail lines he had to break and Sherman lived in mortal fear of what Forrest might do to his communications . 
Some , she knew , looked upon Thompson almost as a saint , but others read in `` The Hound Of Heaven '' what they took to be the confessions of a great sinner , who , like Oscar Wilde , had -- as one pious writer later put it -- thrown himself `` on the swelling wave of every passion '' . 
Their interest remains chiefly biographical , for they throw some light on the utter despair which overtook Thompson in the spring and early summer of 1900 . 
That he read some of the books assigned to him with a studied carefulness is evident from his notes , which are often so full that they provide an unquestionable basis for the identification of reviews that were printed without his signature . 
For if Serenissimus made the sign of the Cross with his right hand , and meant it , with his left he beckoned lewdly to any lady who happened to catch his eye . 
Although he did not attend any celebrated schools or universities , he was a master of Greek and Hebrew and could read the Bible in the original . 
To give a patient the wrong type of blood , said the doctor , would likely kill him . 
But he had delayed accepting this job , and as he was leaving to come home to Papa in response to our telegram , he dropped a postcard to Miss McCrady , head of the Harvard Appointment Office , asking her please to write Northwestern authorities and explain the circumstances . 
And he threatened someday to write a play `` with fifty , eighty , a hundred people -- a whole town , a whole race , a whole epoch '' . 
I was familiar with Pilgrim's Progress , which I read as literature . 
One serves society by conducting a business from which a certain number of employees draw their means of subsistence ; ; 
One cannot read the records of scientists , officials and travelers who have penetrated to the minds of the most savage races without realizing that each individual met with is a person . 
Above all read in Jens Bjerre's The Last Cannibal Show the old man of the Wailbri tribe ( not cannibals ) in central Australia gave to the white man his choicest possession , while the tears streamed down his face . 
and the young people should not even be permitted to see comedies till they are old enough to drink strong wine and sit at the public tables . 
But there are , however , several features of Aristotle's approach which open the way for the moral measure of literature . 
For this purpose we now draw upon data from sociological and psychological studies of students in American colleges and universities , and particularly from the Cornell Values Studies . 
The headquarters of Morgan was on a farm , said to have been particularly well located so as to prevent the farmers nearby from trading with the British , a practice all too common to those who preferred to sell their produce for British gold rather than the virtually worthless Continental currency . 
His neighbors celebrated his return , even if it was only temporary , and Morgan was especially gratified by the quaint expression of an elderly friend , Isaac Lane , who told him , `` A man that has so often left all that is dear to him , as thou hast , to serve thy country , must create a sympathetic feeling in every patriotic heart '' . 
She couldn't cook or clean or make him comfortable . 
I don't think he ever got to drink any of it . 
She had to clean the glass on the display cases in the butcher shop , help her brother scrub the cutting tables with wire brushes , mop the floors , put down new sawdust on the floors and help check the outgoing orders . 
Richard Quiney the younger , a schoolboy of eleven , wrote a letter in Latin asking his father to buy copybooks ( `` chartaceos libellos ) '' ) for him and his brother . 
His mother Bess , who could not write herself , reminded her husband through Sturley to buy the apron he had promised her and `` a suite of hattes for 5 boies the yongst lined & trimmed with silke '' ( for John , only a year old ) . 
& synce I did write unto him to dessier him to paie 10 for mee which standeth mee greatly uppon to have paide . 
His credulity is perhaps best illustrated in his introduction to The Emancipation Of Massachusetts , which purports to examine the trials of Moses and to draw a parallel between the leader of the Israelite exodus from Egypt and the leadership of the Puritan clergy in colonial New England . 
Finally we got them out of the house , after the boy had run away four times looking for other Nazis , threatening to murder village schoolchildren and bragging that he was to be the next Fuhrer . 
She was occupying herself in an attempt to write an article about the variety of houses that they had rented abroad . 
Lewis told him what clothes he should bring along , and enjoined him not to buy anything that he did not already own , they would do that in New York . 
To the newspapers he talked about his unquiet life , about his wish to be a newspaperman once more , about the prevalence of American slang in British speech , about the loquacity of the English and the impossibility of finding quiet in a railway carriage , about his plans to wander for two years `` unless stopped and made to write another book '' . 
The New York Times editorialist wondered just who would stop Mr. Lewis and make him write a book . 
`` And from now on , for the rest of this trip , I will only drink what you agree that I should drink '' . 
Above all , he had learned to write formal Latin prose and verse to a remarkable degree of artistry . 
He also displayed the ability to write Latin verse on almost any topic of dispute , the verses , of course , to be delivered from memory . 
A man could travel anywhere he pleased , eat whatever he fancied -- without handing over any money '' . 
Yet during the years when I was on the staff of The Nation , I tried to the limit the patience of the editors on almost every occasion when I was permitted to write an editorial having a bearing on a political or social question . 
Seems to me to create a dilemma not to be satisfactorily disposed of by a simple negative answer . 
A good many pages of the first section are taken up with an account of the dogged determination of the prisoners to write to their wives and families -- even when it becomes clear that the Germans are simply allowing the letters to blow away in the wind . 
He had read his poetry with musicians as early as 1951 , and his entire career has been characterized by radical experiments with the form and presentation of his poetry . 
Patchen does read some of his earlier works to music , but he has written an entire book of short poems which seem to be especially suited for reading with jazz . 
It is difficult to draw the line between stereotype and the reality of the jazz musician . 
In order to write with authority either about musicians , or as a musician , Patchen would have to soft pedal his characteristically outspoken anger , and change ( at least for the purposes of this poetry ) from a revolutionary to a victim . 
He returned to New York to work for The New Yorker , to edit a Western pulp , to `` duck the war in the OWI '' , to write publicity for Paramount Pictures and commentary for a newsreel , then he began his career as critic for various magazines . 
they read widely and eclectically ; ; 
they did not fall into pseudo-glamorous jobs on pseudo-glamorous magazines , but they did whatever nasty thing they could get in order to eat ; ; 
Krim was able to get an advance for a novel , and time and opportunity to write at Yaddo , but it was no good . 
And again , `` how can you write when you haven't yet read ' Bartleby The Scrivener ' '' ? ? 
His `` articulate Jewish friends '' convinced him that education ( read `` reading '' ) was `` a must '' . 
For the sad truth is that while one might write well without having read Bartleby The Scrivener , one is more likely , to write well if one has `` read it , and much else . 
My `` touchstones , had , been strictly '' literature and , humanly enough , American literature ( because that was what I wanted to write ) . 
On his bookshelves were some of the latest American novels , including Bellow's Seize The Day , but he hadn't read them ( they were sent by American publishers ) and wasn't especially interested in what the American writers were up to . 
The property sales assistance program is designed to assist small business concerns that may wish to buy property offered for sale by the Federal Government . 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled , That the Act of July 3 , 1952 ( 66 Stat. 328 ) as amended ( 42 U.S.C. 1952-1958 ) , is further amended to read as follows : Section 1 . 
42 U. S. C. 1958 ( ) ) , is hereby amended to read : 
In the light of the facts at hand , however , New York Central intends to pursue the objective of helping to create a healthy two-system eastern railroad structure in the public interest '' . 
To break the monotony it may be necessary to invent tasks that will keep the family busy . 
No corporation engaged in commerce shall acquire , directly or indirectly , the whole or any part of the stock or other share capital of another corporation engaged also in commerce , where the effect of such acquisition may be to substantially lessen competition between the corporation whose stock is so acquired and the corporation making the acquisition , or to restrain such commerce in any section or community , or tend to create a monopoly of any line of commerce . 
and General Motors and Du Pont were to be ordered to terminate any agreement that provided for the purchase by General Motors of any specified percentage of its requirements of any Du Pont manufactured product , or for the grant of exclusive patent rights , or for a grant by General Motors to Du Pont of a preferential right to make or sell any chemical discovery of General Motors , or for the maintenance of any joint commercial enterprise by the two companies . 
In a periodic review , the local board on July 30 , 1953 , reclassified him 1-a and upheld this classification after a personal appearance by petitioner , because of his willingness to kill in defense of his church and home . 
I would hope that we could create the recognition in the Department and overseas that those who come across little things going wrong have the responsibility for bringing these to the attention of those who can do something about them . 
The senior policy officer may be moved to think hard about a problem by any of an infinite variety of stimuli : an idea in his own head , the suggestions of a colleague , a question from the Secretary or the President , a proposal by another department , a communication from a foreign government or an American ambassador abroad , the filing of an item for the agenda of the United Nations or of any other of dozens of international bodies , a news item read at the breakfast table , a question to the President or the Secretary at a news conference , a speech by a Senator or Congressman , an article in a periodical , a resolution from a national organization , a request for assistance from some private American interests abroad , et cetera , ad infinitum . 
They kill and destroy , retard or prevent reproduction and growth , impair and damage values , and disrupt uses . 
In 1947 , affidavits were filed with the Commission by various clear-channel stations alleging that extensive interference was being caused to the service areas of these stations during daylight hours , from class 2 , stations whose signals were being reflected from the ionosphere so as to create skywave intereference . 
and lawyers -- with the great virtues that they are trained to read `` the fine print '' carefully and are able out of professional experience to arrive at imaginative solutions to difficult problems in many fields -- are indispensable even in a foundation office . 
and by their demanding tend to create resources of men's minds and hearts which problems with easy answers do not bring forth . 
The president has little influence in day-by-day curricular changes , but if he looks ahead two , three , or five years to anticipate issues and throw out challenging ideas , he can open the way for innovation , and he can also have a great deal to say as to what path it will take . 
Supporting activities -- business management , public relations , fund-raising -- offer presidents one of their best chances to buy freedom for attention to education . 
By sharing the load of important speeches with his colleagues , the president can develop a cadre of able spokesmen who will help to create a public perception of the university as an institution , something more than the lengthened shadow of one man . 
( Some suspensions break up before they are near to the direction of shear , and some become asymptotic to it without breakup . 
A good formulation will keep the clothes clean and white after many washings ; ; 
An important operational procedure in BW for an enemy would be to create an areosol or cloud of agent over the target area . 
Let us assume that it would be possible for an enemy to create an aerosol of the causative agent of epidemic typhus ( Rickettsia prowazwki ) over City A and that a large number of cases of typhus fever resulted therefrom . 
These were read at 280 m**ym in a Beckman model DU spectrophotometer and tested for antibody activity as described above . 
The argument against this last approach is comparable to that which rejects stories about hoop snakes , about snakes that break themselves into many pieces and join up again , or even of ghosts that chase people out of graveyards ; ; 
Here the pulmonary vein , as in type 2 , , is noted to draw away from the bronchus , and to follow a more direct , independent course to the hilum ( figs. 23 , 24 ) . 
The length of the arrow indicates amount of slowing or acceleration at Completion over that at Onset , and the difference in months can be read roughly by referring the arrow to the age scale along the base of each figure , or more precisely by referring to the original data in the appropriate tables . 
Thus , the Span of its ossification was shortened and the center's ability to `` catch up '' in ossification is demonstrated . 
Since strong nociceptive stimuli produce an experimental neurosis during which the animals fail to eat in the experimental situation , Wolpe thought that he could utilize the feeding-pain antagonism to inhibit the neurotic symptoms through feeding . 
We have just observed that we can write Af where D is diagonalizable and N is nilpotent , and where D and N not only commute but are polynomials in T . 
We now write Af where Af are distinct complex numbers . 
In the family's own words ( during the third of twelve visits ) , they had `` reached the crisis peak -- either the situation will give or we will break '' ! ! 
The system tended to break down during the war , but was reactivated ; ; 
One might digress at this point and speculate that if it is `` wise '' to create special sections for special status , then why not a special section for women pregnant before marriage , and one for 44-year-old men with teenage children , and so on . 
These students , although they might read various articles in popular magazines , more often chose to report on articles found in the journals . 
In addition to the noticeable difference in outside articles , there was a considerable difference in the outside books they read . 
Whereas a high percentage of the regular students can be expected to read other texts which more or less plow the same ground in a little different direction , the married students chose whole books on specific areas and went into much greater detail in their areas of interest . 
Individual differences in maturation and the development of readiness for learning to read indicate that not until the third grade have most children had ample opportunity to demonstrate their capacity for school achievement . 
In the primary grades , reading permeates almost every aspect of school progress , and the children's early experiences of success or failure in learning to read often set a pattern of total achievement that is relatively enduring throughout the following years . 
Each salesman was to read a sheet containing a description of the product . 
The director helped tailor-make a check list of the district manager's errors by asking various observers to write out sentences commenting on the mistakes they felt he made . 
We accomplish this by compiling a list of text forms as text is read by the computer . 
If each text form is marked when matched with a dictionary form , the text forms not contained in the dictionary can be identified when all dictionary forms have been read . 
This selection-rejection process takes place as the file is read . 
) When the complete file has been read , the grammatical descriptions for all text forms found in the dictionary have been stored in the W-region ; ; 
Thus in it's incredible what that boy can eat dominant stress is likely to be on incredible , and eat will have strong stress also . 
In the second sentence if drinking water is a gerundial clause and without drinking water is roughly equivalent in meaning to unless I drink water , there will be stronger stress on water than on drinking ; ; 
An advanced student has read a considerable number of descriptions of consonantal systems , including some of the more unusual types . 
Papers like these four , if widely read , will contribute importantly to improvement of our analytic work . 
In other words , the Soviet Union was determined to create a Poland so strong as to be a powerful bulwark against Germany and so closely tied to Russia that there would never be any question of her serving as a cordon sanitaire against the Soviets or posing as an independent , balancing power in between Russia and Germany . 
But at Yalta the conflicting expectations of East and West were merged into an agreement by the Big Three to assist all liberated countries in Europe `` to create democratic institutions of their own choice '' . 
Does the `` public '' usually sell at bottoms , or does the market usually bottom out when the `` public '' sells ? ? 
Obviously someone has to sell in order for someone to buy , and vice versa . 
When strong hands buy , they are able to buy more , and they do it even in the face of bearish news reports . 
If you got too many people investing by this method , their operations would begin to affect stock prices , and thus throw the charts off . 
The Mathematical Appendix presents the rigorous argument , but is best read after Part 1 , in order that the assumptions underlying the equations may be explicit . 
In short , congressional power to grant federal-question authority to federal courts is now apparently so broad that Congress need not create , or specify , the right to be enforced . 
To avoid these constitutional difficulties , Mr. Justice Frankfurter was prepared to read the Taft-Hartley provision as concerned with diversity , rather than federal question , jurisdiction . 
It was concluded that it would be appropriate to process the two groups of responses as a single sample of all small businesses engaged in , or wishing to sell to , defense programs . 
It is disconcerting , nevertheless , to read in a labor weekly , `` Perluss knuckles down to growers '' , and then to be confronted with a growers' publication which states , `` Perluss recognizes obviously phony and trumped-up strikes as bona fide '' . 
We can argue that where residence makes pupil desegregation impossible teacher assignment can create a partially desegregated situation . 
This meant , concretely , that the patient could not read at all without making writing-like movements of the head or body , became easily confused by `` hasher marks '' inserted between hand-written words and thus confused the mark for one of the letters , and could recognize a simple straight line or a curved one only by tracing it . 
Greek civilization was swirling toward its great revolution , in which the developed qualities of the Hellenic outlook were suddenly to break forth . 
Even while suffering the trip to his home , Cook swore to Moore and Lane that he would kill the Indian . 
Instead , he whirled and ran to his house for a gun , forcing them to kill him , Cook reported . 
General manager Pels even suggested that it might be wise to keep the Mexicans in suspense rather than accept their offers to sell out and move away , and try to have a few punished . 
District Attorney M. W. Mills warned that he would vigorously prosecute persons caught committing these crimes or carrying arms -- he just didn't catch anyone . 
His friends advised that it would be only a question of time until either the Mexicans killed him by ambuscade or he would be compelled to kill them in self-defense , perpetuating the troubles . 
He wisely decided that it would be foolish to create a disturbance during the coming roundup , particularly since the Mexicans were on their guard . 
His problem then became one of restraining the American fighters who wanted to clean out the Vermejo by force immediately . 
But to return to the main line of our inquiry , it is doubtful that Utopia is still widely read because More was medieval or even because he was a martyr -- indeed , it is likely that these days many who read Utopia with interest do not even know that its author was a martyr . 
Utopia is still widely read because in a sense More stood on the margin of modernity . 
Had More's writings been wholly limited to such exercises , they would be almost as dimly remembered as those of a dozen or so other authors living in his time , whose works tenuously survive in the minds of the few hundred scholars who each decade in pursuit of their very specialized occasions read those works . 
and More was far too well read not to have come across it in one or several of the forms thus given it . 
At the close of Davis' speech the following preamble and resolutions were read by the president , and on the question of their adoption passed unanimously : 
In certain other pictures , however , Braque began to paint areas in exact simulation of wood graining or marbleizing . 
In their very first collages , Braque and Picasso draw or paint over and on the affixed paper or cloth , so that certain of the principal features of their subjects as depicted seem to thrust out into real , bas-relief space -- or to be about to do so -- while the rest of the subject remains imbedded in , or flat upon , the surface . 
In the upper center of Braque's first collage , Fruit Dish ( in Douglas Cooper's collection ) , a bunch of grapes is rendered with such conventionally vivid sculptural effect as to lift it practically off the picture plane . 
It is interesting to note how many of the plants on Massachusetts' Route 128 draw most of their income either from the government in non-competitive cost-plus arrangements , or from the exploitation of patents which grant at least a partial monopoly . 
In many cases that statement -- `` We break even on our downtown operation and make money on our branches '' -- would be turned around if the cost analysis were recalculated on terms less prejudicial to the old store . 
Experience showed , however , that it is very difficult to paint a dark umber background in fresco that will not dry out spotty and uneven . 
The following is a statement read to a large and friendly group of your fellow artists in Leningrad : 
That is one way to read the findings , but again there are other ways . 
Poems Of The Past And The Present and Time's Laughing Stocks , both published while Hardy was at work on The Dynasts , draw heavily on poems written before 1900 . 
The first productive period came when he was considering poetry as a vocation , before he had decided to write fiction for a living ( in his note for Who's Who he wrote that he `` wrote verses 1865 - 1868 ; ; 
and on Christmas Day , 1890 , Hardy wrote : `` While thinking of resuming ' the viewless Wings Of Poesy before dawn this morning , new horizons seemed to open , and worrying pettinesses to disappear '' ( Early Life , p. 302 ) . 
The poem does not distort the syntax of ordinary speech nor draw on exotic sources of diction , yet it is obviously not ordinary speech -- only Hardy would say `` a grin of bitterness swept thereby ; ; 
The details of the setting of `` Neutral Tones '' are not , strictly speaking , metaphorical , but they combine to create a mood which is appropriate both to a dismal winter day and to the end of love , and in this way love and weather , the emotions and the elements , symbolize each other in a way that is common to many of Hardy's best poems ( `` Weathers '' , `` The Darkling Thrush '' , and `` During Wind and Rain '' , for example ) and to some moving passages in the novels as well ( Far From The Madding Crowd is full of scenes constructed in this way ) . 
the verse of Beowulf or of The Iliad and The Odyssey was not easy to create but was not impossible for poets who had developed their talents perforce in earning a livelihood . 
True , we do not know how they were regarded in their day , but we need not believe the epic audience to have been more insensitive to the formulas than the numerous scholars of modern times who have read Germanic or Homeric poetry all their lives and still found much to admire in occasional occurrences of the most familiar phrases . 
J. H. Miller's excellent chapter on Great Expectations has lately illustrated how fruitfully that novel can be read from such a perspective . 
Old Mr. Pocket's frantic response to life imprisonment with a useless , social-climbing wife is to `` put his two hands into his disturbed hair '' and `` make an extraordinary effort to lift himself up by it '' , whereas Joe Gargery endures the shrewish onslaughts of Mrs. Joe by apologetically drawing `` the back of his hand across and across his nose '' . 
Since the 7070 and 7074 make use of record definition words ( RDWS ) to read , write , move , and otherwise examine blocks of storage , the DA and DC statements provide the option of generating RDWS automatically . 
Since experience indicates that effluents from oxidation ponds do not create major problems at these BOD concentrations , the goal for the effluent quality of the accelerated treatment system was the same as from conventional oxidation ponds . 
They require completely sterile foods capable of being stored without refrigeration , preferably items already cooked and ready to eat . 
Under equilibrium conditions of cutting the chip exerts a thrust Af against the knife which tends to push it into the substrate or lift it away from the substrate depending on the vector direction of Af . 
The markets that have started to open up for the foam in the past year or so seem to justify the expectations . 
We write this Af . 
Since by the principle of optimality the remaining stages use an optimal Af-stage policy with respect to Af , we may enter section Af of the table at this state Af and read off the optimal policy for stage Af and the resulting state Af . 
`` You don't eat enough , honey . 
Who would clean up the mess when the war was over ? ? 
He took the pen in his stumps and began to write . 
They crowded the small room and peered over one another's shoulders to watch the handless man write his name in the book . 
Hanging over the bar was an oil painting of a nude Al had accepted from a student at the Corcoran Gallery who needed to eat and drink and was broke . 
When he was in the war , he was in Law or Supplies or something like that , and an old buddy of his told me he would come down on Sundays to the Pentagon and read the citations for medals -- just like the one we sent in for Trig -- and go away with a real glow . 
Where will you break ? ? 
He's telling them now to write letters to their Congressmen opposing the disarmament of Germany . 
They buy some supplies from our colored grocers and they are patronized by some of the best white gentlemen in town '' . 
He did not really want to kill , but as in the sexual act , there was a moment when the impulse took over and could not be downed , even while you watched yourself giving way to it . 
If the crummy bastard could write ! ! 
Krist , I wish they could write ! ! 
He fought it , seeking to kill the last few words , but on they came out . 
The chief , annoyed by these questions , knocks Voltaire down and shouts at him that he not only never went to any school , but never even learned how to read . 
He is in a hurry to write another essay against culture . 
`` This is the sort of stuff I write and then throw away '' ! ! 
For it was Rameau's type of music that he had been trying to write , and that he couldn't write . 
I have observed that being up on a horse changes the whole character of a man , and when a very small man is up on a saddle , he'd like as not prefer to eat his meals there . 
and in that brief interval , a redcoat officer came tearing down the road , whipping his horse fit to kill . 
Calmly he opened the Bible and read of the woman at the well . 
Before them stalked the beadle , proclaiming as he went , `` Thus the Council deals with those who break its laws -- adulterers , thieves , murderers , and lewd persons . 
John's thoughts raced painfully into the past as he read the letter he had just received from his sister Mary . 
Once covertly looking at Simms Purdew , the only man in the world whom he hated , he had seen the heavy , slack , bestubbled jaw open and close to emit the cruel , obscene banter , and had seen the pale-blue eyes go watery with whisky and merriment , and suddenly he was not seeing the face of that vile creature . 
yes , they had read about the case ; ; 
`` Finally , all I needed was to throw a little piece of red wood that looked like a firecracker and that dumb dog would run ki-yi-ing for his life '' . 
The titles he could read easily through the criss-crossed wires : works on theology , astral physics , history , biology , political science . 
His first desire was to create a mother and son alone in the universe . 
He went into the Jewish quarter , wanting to draw Hebraic faces so that he could reach a visual understanding of how Christ might have looked . 
He claimed to be visiting the waterfront saloon at the crossroads to play cards and drink with his cronies , but Kate had not smelled brandy on him since Mrs. Lattimer's funeral . 
`` Everybody knows I'm just a harmless , deaf old man who takes to drink . 
She tried to find some way to draw him out , to help him . 
A fund-raising drive to buy tractors and machinery was launched . 
Eileen declared she couldn't lift her head from the pillow . 
All she did was write me a pleasant little note about how it was beautiful while it lasted but that now life had parted our ways and it was goodbye forever . 
You wouldn't have me throw the poor boy out on the street '' , Eileen said when I needled her about it . 
He got no relief from drink because , though sometimes Precious would buy himself a drink if he went out with us in the evening , he'd leave it on the table untouched . 
`` Some day '' , I told Eileen , `` that guy will kill us both '' . 
`` I would like to enact a little tableau this afternoon '' , Rector said , He explained about the visit and the effect he wished to create , the picture of a very busy mission . 
I want to create the impression of a compound full of children . 
She could act and she could write . 
His lordship was concerned in the management of Drury Lane but , if there were no opportunities there , would he read and criticize her novel ? ? 
Naked girls danced in the chancel of the Abbey , the youngest and seemingly the most innocent being chosen to read a sermon filled with veiled depravities . 
By odd coincidence , on the evening of her return Shelley chose to read Parisina , which was the latest of the titled poet's successes . 
`` And in the future , since I write for a public of one , I can save the poor publishers from wasting their money '' . 
He tried to order the words of the three Union officers , seeking to create some coherent portrait of the dead boy . 
Let him chafe with impatience to see Charles , rip open the note with trembling hands and read the formal report in Hillman's beautiful , schoolmaster's hand . 
I can see it from this window where I write . 
Let's throw a little nuclear hardware at them and show them who's boss '' . 
Here and there she stayed to visit and drink a glass of sherry . 
`` And I am not sure that I have any cash -- any money , that is -- but if you will wait just a minute I will write you out a check if I can find my checkbook . 
And knowing its humble place in the scale of things , why did he , at this time of life , seem almost ready to sell his soul for plumpness ? ? 
`` Lift , don't shove lift '' . 
She was personally sloppy , and when she had colds would blow her nose in the same handkerchief all day and keep it , soaking wet , dangling from her waist , and when she gardened she would eat dinner with dirt on her calves . 
she could dust the plants , then break off suddenly and pick up an old novel and read from the middle on ; ; 
They had cleaned up an old ice box and begun to buy fifty-pound blocks of ice in town , as the electric refrigerator came nowhere near providing enough ice for the crowds who ate and drank there . 
`` We were on our vacation in Canada '' , Howard explained , in a muffled voice that must have been used to booming , `` and the news didn't catch up with us till we were nearly home . 
`` Listen , I never had a chance to kill an antelope . 
Linda Kay told him he couldn't do anything like that with his Grandma dying , and he said well they had to eat , didn't they , they weren't all dying . 
It was Giselle , the fille de chambre , come to clean the room , and while she stood before him with ears pricked up and regard all curiosity , explaining her errand , Alex could see from the corner of his eye the doctor doing all he could to calm the displeased bird . 
`` Chickens have short memories '' , the doctor remarked , `` that's why they are better company than most people I know '' , and he went on to break some important news to Alex . 
`` If I catch you one more time down here without stockings '' -- 
Then he looked at his finger , at the wrinkled , heavy knuckle and the thick nail he used like a knife to pry up , slit , and open . 
Then epistolatory me was a foreign correspondent dispatching exciting cables and communiques , full of dash and wit and glamor , quoting from the books I read , imitating the grand styles of the authors recommended by a teacher in whose special , after-school class I was enrolled . 
We would write to one another and make a definite plan . 
I made inquiries , I read a book of etiquette . 
Was I supposed to buy a funny hat and a rattle for Jessica ? ? 
`` I read those newspaper stories about you '' , she had said . 
`` You must have loved that girl very much , but you couldn't have meant it when you said that you wanted to kill her '' . 
What about your that girl you were going to kill '' ? ? 
But because it was a suspense gangster story of the Capone era , many of us felt that it might catch on for a run in Chicago , continue as a road company , and eventually become a movie . 
I knew that I'd soon be back working as an orderly at the hospital or as a counterman at Union News or Schraffts while waiting for another acting job to open . 
`` All right , you bastards '' , I said , `` the great actor is about to buy a drink '' . 
It's one thing to go without food when you're occupied with some work or when you're simply postponing a meal , but when you're dependent on someone else and know that you can't eat until he's bedded down for the night , hunger can be a gnawing torture . 
She'll eat just a pineapple and cottage cheese salad and I'm to have one with her so she won't feel out of place '' . 
The heavy glass didn't break , but the top flew off ; ; 
He remembered a story he had read as a youth . 
And then he heard a car coming from the east , and he felt as if he would break down and weep . 
`` It does '' , Shayne grunted sourly , still able to taste her mouth on his in the Green Jungle parking lot . 
By a wrenching effort , he managed to hunch and draw in , to take the final fall on his back and shoulders rather than his head . 
By then they could never catch up with the others . 
Tracking down Mrs. Calhoun was like trying to catch up with Paul Revere between Lexington and Concord . 
It won't open from inside . 
To come back later and kill him after the stores had closed around the square and everybody had left ? ? 
No , they could kill him just as easy right now . 
A couple decks for me , Mr. Skyros -- and ten-twelve to sell , see , I like to have a little ready cash '' . 
She had swished away , she had been gone for a long time probably when Sarah suddenly realized that she ought to stop her , pour out the coffee , so no one would drink it . 
It was not very reasonable to believe that Lucien had procured unprocurable opium and come back to Honotassa with a formed plan to murder her . 
Added to the argument was the fact that while she might have tasted the coffee if it had been still hot , she might even have drunk some of it , she wouldn't have taken enough to kill her , for she would have been warned by its taste . 
Rev didn't need to break the wax seal , read the contract and find out . 
`` We've got to eat '' , Sarah said , curtly , because a chill crawled over her again . 
Maude could have shot Emile -- if she'd had a reason to kill him . 
Again the homely , everyday details of daily living refuted a vicious attempt to frighten her -- or to murder her . 
But in his dressing room was a large bouquet and a card that read , `` We're with you all the way '' . 
Old man Arthur had put down the suitcase to open the front door . 
He could throw himself on the mercy of the Police Department . 
You used to paint in them , and then you just took them for rags . 
his nerves seemed frost-bitten down to the tips of his tingling fingers and his spine felt stiff and glass-like , liable to break like an icicle at any moment . 
Much better to break a cellar window '' . 
Madden settled back to read the will . 
`` He claims Mahzeer's in a plot to kill the P.M. '' . 
He could not break in on an armed man . 
`` I shouldn't like to have to write you up for insubordination as well as dereliction of duty '' . 
He hung up with a bang , annoyed at himself for running off at the mouth like that but still terribly concerned with the situation he had helped to create . 
Casey heard the click of the distant receiver before he could open his mouth , and it took him no more than three seconds to make his decision . 
Slowly he pulled out the hand throttle until the boat was moving at little more than a crawl , and watched Elaine rapidly spin from one station to another , tune in the null , then draw in a line on the chart . 
Look Jed , this is an open and shut case and I have to relieve my men at the road block soon . 
Listen , Mr. Inspector , no matter what anybody say , my Tim didn't kill that woman ! ! 
I told Moore I was going to eat , get some forms filled out by Doc Abel . 
She mumbled , `` I just know that Chief Moore is out to kill my Tim '' ! ! 
Once inside , keep your eyes open '' ! ! 
`` Did you kill Diana Beauclerk '' ? ? 
Any more than they have the sense to eat mussels . 
In fact , he often disappeared , from time to time , -- off to paint the sea , aboard a dragger out from Gloucester . 
And when the stranger found out that Phil was on the way to one of his favorite bars , he insisted on offering to buy drinks for both of them . 
It was the same bar , and it was two weeks later -- Saturday night , when he had an excuse to drink heavier than usual . 
Haney didn't want to encourage his company , but felt he ought to buy him a drink anyhow , to prevent possible trouble . 
To break the uncomfortable silence , Haney began to talk . 
I'd have to sell out my business to pay her off with her share . 
You can work on this one while I'm gone , kill it if you want '' . 
I was reminded , amusedly , by a poem of Kenneth Patchen's called The Murder of Two Men by a Young Kid Wearing Lemon Colored Gloves , which Patchen himself read on a record against jazz background . 
To kayo him and maybe or maybe not kill . 
I'd brought along the virgin pint from last night , but we were going to kill that only when we were through talking . 
If you draw the short straw I'll lend you some bread , like fifty bucks , before I take off to visit my sister in Frisco . 
`` In that case , let's not draw . 
But he was looking forward to snow -- seeing for himself that each tiny crystal of the water of life was a unique individual , as he had read -- walking barefoot , rolling in it . 
That'll be plenty to eat by '' . 
A colossal campaign opened to sell more sexual organs of plants and Mrs. Joseph ( `` Shadow of Greatness '' ) Douglas was quoted as saying : `` I would no more sit down without flowers on my table than without serviettes '' . 
His chelas were required to assume the matsyendra posture dressed in hand-woven diapers while he read aloud from Rig-Veda and an assistant guru examined their purses in another room -- nothing was stolen ; ; 
In his great and glorious wisdom , he knew that our enemies the Israelites must not be able to read therein what we planned '' . 
No , the fish could eat their bodies for all the Sturch cared . 
His duty was to write a school text and to teach the entire personnel of the Gabriel how to speak Ozagen . 
The sail , ragged though it was , still had enough surface to catch some of the ocean of power being poured out from the nursery stars . 
He had to have fusion power to catch up with the skiff , and he had to have it fast . 
In privacy he could walk around , leave the light on , read . 
Since he couldn't sleep anyway , he might as well stand their watches for them or write their reports . 
`` Well '' , remarked one gentleman who had been forced to accompany his wife , `` the good Lord can eat where angels fear to tread '' . 
Therefore to Helva , the problem that she couldn't open her mouth to sing , among other restrictions , did not bother her . 
Though they saw the old-style chemical rockets lift up from the field beyond B'dikkat's cabin , they did not make plans to hide among the frozen crop of transmuted flesh . 
Far long ago , some other prisoner than one of these had tried to write a letter . 
Mercer read it , and so had a few of the others , but they could not tell which man had done it . 
They could still read the opening : `` Once , I was like you , stepping out of my window at the end of day , and letting the winds blow me gently toward the place I lived in . 
Now I can only write , and that only when I get out of pain . 
The easiest thing would be to sell out to Al Budd and leave the country , but there was a stubborn streak in him that wouldn't allow it . 
No girl would go this far to fool a man so she could kill him . 
They might kill him in his sleep , thinking there was money in the house . 
It's not much of a meal , but it's what I eat '' . 
He told himself he had never seen two people eat so much . 
Gavin's lips moved so that Clayton had to stoop to catch the words . 
He swung round to the other men -- `` We can catch him easy ! ! 
Cabot turned back to the men and he was drunk with the thing they would do , wild to break from the cloying warmth of the saloon into the cold of the ebbing night . 
Now they were riding to kill him . 
Let Old Knife come up and kill you and your people , or would you steer him on someone else '' ? ? 
`` Let the savages kill each other . 
I didn't catch a wink . 
`` If you're goin' to kill 'em -- ! ! 
I could see their faces glistening with sweat and bear grease , their mouths open , shouting their spine-chilling cries . 
She came down against him , and he tried to break her fall . 
I had the impression that he had read my forms , perhaps several times . 
If you ever try anything without my orders I'll kill you '' . 
For a moment , she could not catch her breath and then , her breath returning in short , frightened spasms , she lifted herself to her feet laboriously . 
Then , helpfully , as she merely stared at him in weary silence , `` Maybe you could write it down for me , huh ? ? 
Tom had been laying for Aaron McBride for a long time , just waiting to catch him out of line . 
It was strictly the deputy's game , but McBride had gone too far to throw in . 
Why , he's going to kill me , he thought wildly . 
I was just doing my job , just following orders , and for that he's going to kill me . 
Dimly , he heard laughter , hoots of derision , but he could not read the racket properly . 
He'd hoped to catch Jesse Macklin there . 
Macklin balked again , not wanting to unlock and open the door . 
He slumped against a log fence rail , then tried to lift himself . 
`` So help me , Crouch , I'd like to kill you where you stand , but , before I do , I'm going to hear you admit killing him . 
Now draw '' ! ! 
She had spent too many hours looking ahead , hoping and longing to catch even a glimpse of Dan and finding nothing but emptiness . 
Then , and only then , with the Jacksons and Dan as their true guests of honor , did the Harrows take time to catch up on the news . 
`` Jackson recruited his critters , and him and me fixed up his wagon while we was waiting for you to catch up . 
I let up on the accelerator , only to gradually reach again the 60 m.p.h. which would , I hoped , overhaul Herry and the blonde , and as there were cars whose drivers apparently had something more important to catch than had I , Mrs. Major Roebuck settled down to practicing on Corporal Johnson the kittenish wiles she would need when making her duty call on Colonel and Mrs. Somebody in Sante Fe . 
I started looking on the splintery truck bed for a piece of board , a dirt clod -- anything I could throw and with better aim than I had thrown the beer bottle . 
Looking back I saw a gray-haired man getting out of his halted car and trying to read our license number . 
I quickly turned around and began to drink . 
The finished -- and drastically cut -- product would begin with a hazy longshot of Joyce entering the suds , then bursting above the pool's surface clad in layers of lavender lather , and I had a hunch this item was going to sell tons and tons of soap ; ; 
If it were not for an old professor who made me read the classics I would have been stymied on what to do , and now I understand why they are classics ; ; 
When my Uncle offered me a part-time job which would take care of my normal expenses and give me time to paint I accepted . 
`` When I was in college '' , I grinned , `` I remember a poem I had to read in my lit class . 
He had better write a postcard to Walter . 
That ought to draw a laugh , Nicolas reasoned , as he stored the line away on the wax tape that was his mind . 
And indeed , his postcard did draw from Walter a letter recommending his friend , the poet Nicolas Manas , to his friend Meredith Wilder . 
She was just not able to break the spell . 
And when you get off this job tonight , well , you can gimme something to eat '' . 
veal cutlets : `` Oh , I couldn't possibly eat all this '' ! ! 
`` Would you first read the poem aloud to me and then let me read it to myself '' ? ? 
) But he read on . 
`` I suppose '' , he muttered , `` I can sell the outfit for enough to send you home to your folks , once we find a settlement '' . 
`` Hettie , they didn't sell you '' , he said miserably . 
It can kill you . 
`` I do not drink so much , thank you '' . 
It would be a colossal shame to throw away a story like this . 
`` I do not drink so much '' . 
Back in the house a hoodlum named Red Buck , sore because Billy had been allowed to leave unscathed , jumped from a bunk and swore he was going after him to kill him right then . 
But the fighting marshal's fifty-year run of immunity from violent death came to a full and final stop one night in a street at Cromwell , Oklahoma , where he had been sent to clean up the gambling and vice rackets . 
This young slave was therefore quite unprepared when Delphine Lalaurie signaled that she wanted him to draw near . 
We haven't had anything to eat all day '' . 
`` Yeah , but what're we gonna eat ? ? 
This character could break him in half . 
Maggie couldn't seem to get her strength back or catch up with herself with all she had to do : there was the big basket of clothes to be coaxed through the rackety old washer and lugged out and lugged back ; ; 
Didn't you read it ? ? 
`` I read it , yes . 
It was simply his necessity to confess which had made him write and keep this thing . 
`` If it ain't an idea '' , she said , `` how comes it you can drink beer but not water '' ? ? 
There was a letter to write to her mother , and she tried to make its tone cheerful . 
This deprived him of liberty in Hong Kong , but he told Boats McCafferty that Hong Kong was a book he had read before , and the Navy would always bring him there again , some day . 
At Yokosuka he was restricted to the confines of the Base because Walt Perry , being thoughtful , knew that Doc might have to draw some medical supplies from the hospital or the Supply Base . 
`` I wonder if they did eat each other at the end '' , Owen mused . 
He read a special announcement whereby Hurrays would feature a special floorshow at three A.M. starring Adele ( The Body ) Brenner and fourteen glamorous schoolgirls . 
Or you could hope the parachute wouldn't open just so you could say you saw it not open , not because you meant any harm to Starkey Poe in his suit of red underwear , but mainly because you were tired of being an old maid -- a thing which cannot admit when it thinks it might be pregnant , but must stand the dizzy feeling all alone and go on like everything is all right instead of being able to say to somebody in a normal voice : `` I think I'm pregnant '' . 
Or you could wish your daddy would really do it -- kill Gratt Shafer like he said when you all the time , all along , could feel the nerve draining out of him like air out of a punctured tire when you are on a muddy road alone and it is raining and at night . 
And every sound that might be the rain also might be the man who thinks after he has raped you he has to beat your brains out with a tire tool so you won't tell , a combination like ham and eggs , rape her and kill her , and that is being an old maid too . 
She could not count the times Herman had rapped on the door , just a couple of bangs that shook the whole damned closet and might , someday , break away the pipe connections from the wall . 
The two little bangs meant that he was getting impatient to have a crowd of customers waited on and that if he had to he would jerk open the door and drag out , by the opposite door handle which she would be clutching , whichever-the-hell clerk it was who thought she could waste so much store time on the pot . 
I wanted to paint again . 
I kept saying , `` If I could just build up a reputation for myself , make some real money , get to be well known as an illustrator -- like Peter Askington , for instance -- then I could take some time off and paint '' . 
They sit alone in their rooms and try to paint , and only succeed in isolating themselves still farther from life . 
`` Oh , I'd drink with newspaper people . 
`` You seem to have read so much , you have a natural gift for words '' , he added , trying to flatter her vanity . 
Would he have to clean up after her every day , clean the kitchen , the bathroom , and get down on his knees and scrub the kitchen floor , then hang up her dresses , pick up her stockings , make the bed while she lay around ? ? 
`` Since we're having coffee with them this afternoon '' , he said , `` I think I'll ask the daughter if we can pay her to come in every day to clean for us '' . 
Just the same , the old woman said , she would write to her nephew in his boxcar and tell him she had met a nice man from his adopted country . 
I will simply kill you first . 
And , shoving her against a spruce , her back to him , he retreated with the whip and made it whine and crack in the damp air , shortening its arc until it narrowed to her flesh and the sound of it snarled and cracked , settling its own cruel demons on her shoulders while she stood as unchanged , as dark and motionless as ever , her eyes open and staring at the pale delineaments of the bark so close to her face . 
But they could taste the appeasement of violence and retribution through his antics . 
they would have to buy things for her . 
`` Why don't you paint it red and white like a barber pole '' ? ? 
She made better pictures than any book he'd read , but he didn't say so . 
Boy , could she catch ! ! 
Her skin was stretched so tight that her cheekbones stuck out , and if looks could kill , Wally would have been dead . 
We're ruined and he's going to get out if I have to throw him down the stairs '' -- 
In the state she was in , she could actually kill him ! ! 
At least we'll eat , I thought grimly as I put all the food away . 
I read the Tropic of Capricorn and the Tropic of Cancer . 
It's really rotten to drink good cognac like that , but I hadn't cared before . 
She would not stop to read them in American Express , as many were doing , sitting on benches or leaning against the walls , but pushed her way out into the street . 
Moreover , nursing various Stubblefields -- her aunt , then her mother , then her father -- through their lengthy illnesses ( everybody could tell you the Stubblefields were always sick ) , Theresa had had a chance to read quite a lot . 
) `` I hope if you have any ideas along these lines you will write me about them . 
It never registered with them that I had time to read all of Balzac , Dickens , and Stendhal while Papa was dying , not to mention everything in the city library after Mother's operation . 
It would have been exactly the same to them if I had read through all twenty-six volumes of Elsie Dinsmore . 
I wanted to just throw myself into the good works of this fine group . 
Thought I'd bake it out in the sun '' . 
His first thought was that Mrs. Kirby , in her mania for color , had dyed a cat and that cat had somehow managed to open the refrigerator door and climb in ; ; 
He scrawled `` Sorry '' across the bottom of the note and then , against his better judgment , added : `` Don't you eat '' ? ? 
He had to write very small to get it on the bottom of the scrap of paper . 
Do you have anything to read while you're shut up ? ? 
He jumped to his feet and started to throw punches . 
`` Keep your eyes open , sonny '' ! ! 
He was enormously happy with her gift and smiled , then went to his room to read . 
He had dusted each of the books carefully and carried them all to the basement and , trembling at having to open the big furnace , given them up to the flames . 
It would kill one of us '' . 
You beauty , I said , I couldn't kill you . 
The earth was a little heavy and I had to stop once and clean the plowshares because they were not scouring properly , and I did not look back towards the place until I had turned the corner and was plowing across the upper line of the large field , a long way from where I had stopped because of the snake . 
I felt myself tremble , thinking of the diamond light of that beauty I had held a few moments before , and I wanted to run down there and halt , if I could , that frenetic pirouette , catch the boy in the moment of his savagery , and save a glimmer , a remnant , of that which I remembered , but I knew it was already too late . 
`` Why did you kill it '' ? ? 
`` They eat chickens sometimes '' , the boy said . 
`` They are ugly and they eat chickens and I hate snakes '' . 
`` You killed it because you wanted to kill it , for no other reason '' . 
I touched it and the coolness , the ice-feeling , was gone , and even then it moved a little , perhaps a tiny spasm of the dead muscles , and I hoped that it was truly dead , so that I would not have to kill it . 
And then it moved a little more , and I knew the snake was dying , and I would have to kill it there . 
I took the broken length of it around the tractor and I took one of the wrenches from the tool-kit and I struck its head , not looking at it , to kill it at last , for it could never live . 
But due to the many applicants on file , would he co-operate and write a personal letter giving them his son's motivation , interests and his qualifications for leadership ? ? 
Half slyly he enjoyed seeing her stoop to lift the things . 
Her hair was the color of those blooms which in seed catalogues are referred to as `` black '' , but since no flower is actually without color contain always a hint of grape or purple or blue -- he wanted to draw the broad patina of hair through his fingers , searching it slowly for a trace of veining which might reveal its true shade beneath the darkness . 
Martin would have liked to break the man's neck . 
Instantaneously he would have won an immeasurable moral victory , for if she picked up , say , a pair of her panties , she might just as well lift his shorts lying alongside -- the expenditure of energy was almost the same . 
To have her underclothes linked with his on the floor would draw her visibly into a struggle both bitter and absurd . 
His recent experience in motor car advertising , a love for cars of themselves , the existence of A-Z's useless Wisconsin set-up , exposure to exciting conceptions of Hamrick's that nobody would buy , and the coincidental recent failure of a respected but out-dated small-car manufacturer called Ticonderoga Motors had given him an idea of such dimensions he was almost afraid to broach it . 
If A-Z could buy Ticonderoga cheaply and use their presses and dies and other equipment , if William could hit precisely the right promotion note , if the money hurdle was not insurmountable . 
They tried to sell 'em on economy and simple merit . 
But if true , it was the case of which he had dreamed , the case which would throw him into headlines all over America as the hero of a great murder trial . 
It was all set up so there would be no dust anywhere and so that their children would color in the coloring room , paint in the painting room , play with blocks in the block house , and do all the other things in the proper rooms at exactly the right time . 
They were always leaping to light cigarettes , open car doors , fill plates or glasses , and I mistrusted the whole lot of them to the same degree that I mistrusted bake shops that called themselves `` Sanitary Bake Shops '' . 
In my estimation , they were people who read Daphne du Maurier , and discussed Kafka ; ; 
Reverently and raised their eyes , as if they were at a loss to describe how they felt about Kafka , which they were , because they had no opinions about Kafka , not having read Kafka . 
Never once did he buy me a single gift and for our third anniversary he gave me a dislocated jaw . 
Then , at last , his day would fall into an ordered pattern and he would be free to read , or garden or just wander through the woods in the late afternoon , accompanied by his dogs . 
Did it take a man of sixty-five longer to write a letter , shave , clean out a barn , read a newspaper , than a man of thirty ? ? 
At least he could buy the equipment for his workshop . 
Doors that won't open , and doors that won't close and shelves and broken -- '' 
`` It took me five hours to write it that way '' . 
Then there was the caterer's ad which read : `` are you getting married or having an affair ? ? 
It read : `` Shot in the lumbar region '' . 
Another less ambiguous case read as follows : `` The bearer of this letter has served me for two years to his complete satisfaction . 
One said , `` When I get a cold I buy a bottle of whiskey for it , and within a few hours it's gone '' . 
`` Last year your Tennessee Williams told our Dilys Powell , in a television program , that it is the task of the playwright to throw light into the dark corners of the human heart . 
And she would wink and throw kisses . 
They were clumsy , but they were beginning to catch on . 
and that action always caused her to lift her lip from the sting of the thing . 
He read Henry James and used to pretend profundity through eye-beamings at people . 
`` I paint the nothing '' , he said once to Franz Kline and myself , `` the nothing that is behind the something , the inexpressible , unpaintable ' tick ' in the unconscious , the ' spirit ' of the moment resting forever , suspended like a huge balloon , in non-time '' . 
It is his relentlessness and unwaivering adherence to this revolutionary artistic philosophy that has enabled him to paint such pictures as `` The Invasion of Cuba '' . 
I merely draw an etymological distinction , hoping that specialists and busy people like you will welcome such precision in a layman . 
Then , having wrapped the lot in an afghan my dog customarily slept on , you lammed out the front door , considerately leaving it open for neighbors to discover . 
Furthermore -- and this , to me , strikes an especially warming note -- it shall avail the vandals naught to throw away or dispose of their loot . 
you can't very well sidle up to people on the street and ask if they want to buy a hot Bodhisattva . 
