 "Yes, I won't get into what. But it went fine. Used PayPal, money was taken out. And then it showed up a few days later. No issues. Pm If you want details."
 "I feel like giving this a try, but I just don't know"
 "Shooting heroin up your dick hole. You'll meet some neat people on the way."
 "You do a lot of responding for someone who doesn't waste their time on people like me."
 "Yeah I played the new old school version they recently came out with but it just wasn't the same for me. Especially since they raised the price $3 a month"
 "We were in our early 30s and lived together so we already had an apartment full of stuff and had our honeymoon sorted out so we just asked for cash. I forget it we said it was for our honeymoon or not. We had actually already paid for the honeymoon so i think a lot of it just went into our mortgage. It's not particularly exciting but taking a decent chunk off your mortgage can be quite beneficial for your long term happiness.  Receiving it was, however, quite exciting. We put out a small suitcase at the reception that my wife had decorated which we took with us when we departed. It was a day time wedding so we left at 4pm and had plenty of time and energy left to do the deed in the wedding dress before sitting around drinking champagne, eating cake and counting a suitcase full of money while giggling like school kids.  There were certainly plenty of people who complained about it feeling impersonal. I'm not sure how buying something from a store is more personal but anyway... We stuck to our guns, reinforced that we absolutely did not need anything and asked them to include a card that expressed how they felt so we got a lot of lovely messages from people."
 "I'm just replying because you asked me not to."
 "No me "
 "Oh, and I look at their smile first. Because grumpy face is ugly."
 "Always profread  FTFY"
 "2012"
 "Oh wow. That's awful. "
 "bite me"
 "I thought the same thing. The administration was REALLY dumb and ignorant."
 "Actually, they do. That's kind of the proper definition of a moral government. A government that has an obligation to let people do their business (business being mutually voluntary and generally beneficial interactions between groups of individuals)."
 "I totally agree."
 "Bound to be many \"options\"available such as true primo brands. Who wants Marlboro when there is Girl Scout Cookies?"
 "So you truly don't enjoy the peaceful, tranquil solitude of mounting a shitter in a vacant bathroom? "
 "I also feel like I'm forced to pay attention and so I retain more while physically reading as opposed to listening to someone read to me"
 "When I have to pay for something in cash, and they can't break a $100 bill."
 "Like someshygirl said, libraries still provide a lot of services that the internet can never provide.  Including providing free internet.  My local library hosted a comic book convention last year that was one of the most successful and we'll attended events that they have ever hosted.  It was SO much fun!"
 "Ermm, I think that would mean that the breath changes the pH of the object or substance..."
 "Turning on the correct light switch.. god damn it."
 "Uh, no. Anal stimulation is irrelevant to sexual orientation. "
 "Literally, anything positive that you can force yourself to do everyday (or at least often). Too many people make plans for the New Year, only to fall short of them because they lack the proper motivation.   You wanna take up crocheting? Awesome, send me some mittens.  You wanna code? Cool, let's build a website together.  You wanna lose weight/workout more? PM me, and we can keep each other on track.  People have literally made websites where you can [find new things to you choose to better yourself mentally or physically, just do something to better yourself. Any progress is forward progress."
 " Show me a minimum wage worker that will argue against a minimum wage increase because it would potentially be to the detriment of the company they work for. I'll bet that person doesn't exist.  TBH, that's probably because most of those people don't understand the consequences. A company that employs 1000 workers at minimum wage, won't employ 1000 at minimum wage + $1. If this company were to tell its employees that it's raising wages by $1, but also firing these specific 100 people in the process, you'd have 100 people who wouldn't want the wage increase. Likewise, if McDonalds and all of the other fast food joints told their employees who's getting laid off should a minimum wage increase be instated, guess who's not voting for that? Of course anybody wants a wage increase when they're under the assumption that they still keep their job."
 "So... nobody noticed he wrote \"viRbrator\"?"
 "I thought that getting a Tootsie Pop wrapper with the Indian holding a star arrow would get me a free Tootsie Pop."
 "Singin to everyone at the party."
 "why do it when I know you'll do it for me."
 "It's almost like two different positions can have different merits. Nah, that would be crazy!"
 "Noice"
 "There is nothing more more erotic to me than picturing a rock hard dick. mmmmph. "
 "Yes. And I wish to God I could remember why. It's wasn't a horrible mess, but I did wet myself from laughing so hard.   There have been several times that my husband has made me laugh so hard that I get to a point where I quite literally can't breathe. He's just a funny guy, and he creates some really weird and disturbing impressions that just make me lose it. Especially when we're in bed for the night. "
 "Mandarin dragonette, likely! Beautiful (amazingly beautiful) little fish but can be hard to keep. They mostly (entirely? not sure..) eat copepods which can be a hard thing to keep up in marine tanks to a level that keeps the little guys happy.  Marine tanks are a time and money sink...hard to say which drains faster. I do just freshwater for that exact reason though. =)"
 "Ryan Gosling"
 "I tended to abuse Adderall XR. I haven't touched it since college. I read Delivered from Distraction, and it kind of put things into perspective for me, about finding areas of life where my ADHD would be an advantage rather than something to hold me back. Hence, I work in a restaurant. I thrive in the chaotic atmosphere. And this writing. I really get into the writing. I don't think I'd be able to if I wasn't ADHD."
 "So i had a way around this. In college I would always say \"Ok Taco Bell\". After a few trips to the ol Bell she started providing input into our restaurant choices."
 "Doesn't matter, you're still entitled to those things and you certainly didn't earn them."
 "Lol. It's gotta be 22. I've got 2 sisters. They both 22, They both twins. They both got 11 kids. 2x11 = 22.  BOOM!"
 "Get real drunk and make mistakes. I'm a master at it."
 "God...I'm so old."
 "Wow. Youre late."
 "I agree that if we are to have a min wage, it should be tied to inflation or else like you said it would fall in real value every year.  However, I guess then the real point for discussion is how much minimum wage should be able to cover.  I think it should be able to cover just enough for shelther and food IF you are living smart. This means, no extras such as cable tv (admittingly some sort of internet should be part of the min), no data plan for your cell, basic clothes, 1 ply toilet paper, etc.  Of course depending on the city, we would probabbly need to adjust the minimum wage for that as well since the cost of living for each city can vastly vary.  The problem of increasing min wage so much that people can afford luxuries creates an allocation problem.  Lets use the extreme example of saying some how the left gets min wage such that someone can afford a small house, with a wife and 2 kids.  Well shit, if that is the case, there is going to be a rush for anyone to get the easiest jobs possible because for many, that is all they want in life.  Now the medium hard jobs that paid this much before the min wage increase will now see a shortage because all of the people who were working those jobs went to the easy jobs.  The issue here is that people tend to be rational in the sense, they look at effort and reward. Every rational person would want to get the most reward for the least effort. This is also why communism will never work. "
 "Finish highschool with real classes. Physics, Calculus etc. My only regret is relying on spellcheck too much. Remember you can always PAY to take art later."
 "Your son was hit and kill by car. The driver was an alcohol. "
 "Supernatural season 5 episode 8. Sam and Dean stuck in tv shows."
 "My wife almost broke down into tears one time watching an episode of that show.  It was a Halloween episode and Honey Boo Boo made some comment about how she loved that people dressed up as her for Halloween because it made her feel like people really liked her.  Nearly made my wife cry to think that one day she will realize that people don't dress up as her for that reason, but instead because they think its funny."
 "Price is set by supply and demand. The supply curve is *heavily* dependent on cost.  If you're not through with school yet I'd recommend an extra couple of courses in basic econ. Having this stuff be intuitive to you is really valuable in life and will pop up all over the place."
 "Here in beautiful Washtenaw County Michigan, we have the option to walk into any local grocery store Sunday to Sunday, any time a bar could serve, and purchase any type of libation we desire.  Beer, wine, hard liquor... single bottles, 40's and deucers, 6ers, 12, 15, 18, 24, 30 beer cases.  Party stores typically will have 1/4 and 1/2 barrel kegs.  Liquor-wise we've got airplane bottles, half pints, pints, fifths, half gallons..  Pretty much anything to ease the pain of being a Michigander."
 "To be more specific, you'd want Star Trek : First Contact to be real.  Warp drive gets discovered, and then the 'neighbors' show up to say hello when they detect the warp signature.  "
 "My brother noticed the same thing when he was fourteen.  He had this to say on the topic.  The nice quiet guy gets hurt easily by rejection from a girl and he is less likely to ask out a girl he likes out for fear of further rejection.  Meanwhile that asshole guy no one likes always gets a girl because he does not care about rejection and asks a lot of girls out.  My brother marveled that the asshole always had a girlfriend and could not figure out why until he noticed that asshole always flirting while he had other friends who were crushed one time by a girl and lost their confidence.  Moral: don't let one rejection keep you from asking someone else out.  "
 "I hear ya. Me too"
 "Thank you. I know nothing about economics and I found this very informative. :)"
 "[Here you "
 "Oh! I know that guy, he was one of the beatles, right?! edit : sorry, i have mistaken freddie with kurt cobain."
 "Isaac Newton, because come on!  The man was a genius !"
 "winged penises  "
 "I have never heard of such a combination on a pizza. I'll be sure to check it out."
 "^__[Verified]__: ^/u/BigKev47 ^- ^/u/Scott-H-Young __^K3 ^kiloDoges__nbsp;^__($1.272)__ ^you ^find ^my ^services ^helpful, ^consider ^giving ^me ^reddit "Which would cause an increase in prices  Care to explain why?   The vast majority of goods are produced over seas(even of there is a \"Made in Murica\" stamp, the majority of the product was manufactured in a 3rd world country using cheap labor and goods). **Increasing the minimum wage for cashiers will hardly cause an increase in prices to someone like Wal-Mart, Target, Costco etc.**  I challenge you to present logic, reason and/or evidence to support your claim. This is a more reasonable way to make an argument.  $15/hour being the new $7.25/hour.  This is not very well thought out. Again, you can convince other people with evidence and/or reasoned logic."
 "But the only people you can get to work in your shitty job for the shitty wages you want to pay are the desperate.  Employers would love to hire Ivy graduates to be shift managers at the local Greasy Beef Ona Bun, but they can't get 'em to."
 "Chill out and stay calm, cool and collected. "
 "My grampa,   passed away when I was quite young. He was one of those \"most interesting man in the world\"   kind of guy. "
 "too bad  If I was some thirty starving boys in central africa instead of who I am now, what would change?  I can use my knowledge and experience for good if I choose to."
 "Yes another user corrected me. Not sure why I thought sister wife. "
 "You know, I never saw advice like this floating around reddit until *after* I got first hand experience. ;:[ "
 "As a plumber, THANK YOU. Its so fucking disgusting having to snake a female restroom."
 "Florida drivers are TERRIBLE!  HELP!!!"
 "...Orrrr maybe I'll just move away from this damn thing and not tell anyone. "
 "Just check your baggage at the door. "
 "Im sorry to hear that :(, have you kept in touch with the kid? Also have you kept touch with your friend? Or ex-friend? Do you plan on seeing him when he gets out?"
 "Indeed. If you cannot cultivate love within yourself, you cannot expect others to nurture it for you. "
 "Point/Counter Point: [My Computer Totally Hates "
 "\"American\" and \"Entitlement\" go hand in hand, that's why.  Source: American  "
 "Whats the best Christmas present?  A broken drum. You can't beat it. "
 "In my chapter of Lambda Lambda Lambda we had to compete in the Greek games and then perform in a computer driven musical.  It wasn't that bad really.  Poindexter and I became became best friends and we were ultimately able to beat the Alpha Betas and take control of the Greek Council."
 "Way too many people still believe The Protocols of the Elders of Zion are real. "
 "It used to be that Seattle buses could possibly be in \"pay as you enter' mode, OR \"pay as you exit\" mode, depending on if you were heading toward or away from the \"free ride zone\" downtown.  Now they got rid of the free ride zone, so it's always pay as you enter, exit from the back.  (Oh yeah except for after 7pm where the driver is instructed to not open the back door for anyone.)"
 "depends on how I died.....but probably Saturday in the park - "My printer hates me"
 "I am utterly speechless because of the incredible genius displayed in this comparison. /s"
 thread might help.  Edit: diagram/picture may also help."
 "Huh, uh. I, I don't know that."
 "Oh you poor thing, is everyone else going to 2014 before you?"
 "You did something dumb and now you're trying to back away from it so you don't look like a complete neanderthal.  Good job.  The first step in not being a tool is to realize you're a tool."
 "Flipping the question around, why is there a mentality that EVERY job SHOULD present a \"liveable\" wage? What constitutes a liveable wage?  If you're not dead yet, are you technically being payed a livable wage?  All you have to do to make more money is convince a business owner or manager that hiring you at $X an hour will benefit the business financially.  That's all there is to it.  But most people complaining about being stuck at minimum wage cannot make this argument.  Instead, they simply say \"tell me where to be and what to do for 8 hours a day and sign my paycheck for $X\".  Why?  \"Because I'm a human being and I feel I am entitled to that.\"  Why are you entitled to that?  If you can answer that question with reason and logic rather than an appeal to emotion, you won't have to work for minimum wage."
 "Asshole is talking shit.."
 "Because not everyone needs to be earning a liveable wage. For example if a teenage wants a summer job or an after school job they do not need as much money. The thing most people don't consider when arguing that minimum wage should be raised is that when you raise minimum wage, the cost of living goes up with it. Companies don't have endless money, and they will always put profit margins first. So, they will either cut the hours of their current employees in an attempt to provide the same service with less labor and/or raise their prices to compensate for their raised labor expenses. So, sure, if all the cashiers who were previously making $8/hr were suddenly making $15/hr, they'd be getting a higher dollar amount for their time spent but they will either lose hours or end up spending more when they need to buy something due to raised prices."
 "Yea I shit myself in a Kmart when I was 14. I don't even remember what I was laughing at, but I waddled my way on out of there."
 "Jumped down a fucking chair. "
 "I once had a tile job at an olympic runners house, one day during lunch I picked up a running magazine he had and I distinctly remember it saying you should be nearly 'falling over forward'(not hunched, but not straight up)   Obviously just because he was in the olympics doesn't mean the magazine was right/wrong but thought I'd name drop anyway.(Keith Brantley)"
 already tried it."
 "Why would you cry from making out/dry humping? I'm an extremely emotional person and I don't even do that."
 "Upper cunt!"
 "Fajitas."
 "Being non religious, I tell my son that I don't know, and that there a lot of ideas out there about what happens when you die. Some people believe that there is a place called heaven and hell where you go if you are good or bad and some people think that you may come back as something else. I got good results from him and he actually seems to favor the reincarnation belief."
 "I just think it's stupid that people waste time bitching about this stuff.  The top wealthiest people in this country have been increasing their profits while the rest of America continues to bend over backwards for them.    People need to be educated on whats going on, learn how to organize and band together to take out the people that are hoarding all the countries wealth.  What if we only purchased goods from \"good\" companies?  What if we got together and stopped purchasing items from certain store chains like walmart?  What if we got together and voted for people who would separate government and big corporations?    I see all these great ideas.... but not a single fucking thing can get done because no one knows how to organize."
 "It has to be the Actual Nerd Owns His Own Computer one."
 "I like turtles.  (But seriously, yes. I do like turtles. The australian pig-nose turtle would have to be my favourite. A fully aquatic freshwater turtle!)"
 "It never ceases to amaze me how insufficient an understanding the general public has about supply and demand. Almost everything in your life, no matter where you live, is governed by this economic principle. I can count on one hand the number of times I even heard this concept mentioned in my grade school education before I went to college as an economics major. The fact that Shakespeare was held in higher regard than economics in my high school education is something I will never understand. It's no wonder why people have such uninformed, inaccurate assessments of the economy. At least not to me. "
 "That I never learn."
 "Enjoy."
 "Yeah, that's why I tend to avoid stuff like that. You'll get attention though."
 "That looked like shit"
 "Crosswalks without traffic lights, just a pedestrian crossing sign. When I'm driving, I stop for people to cross  they just stand on the corner  stare at me  as a pedestrian, cars don't stop at all. I have to drive through one every day  it's awful. "
 "Realized this mistake when I lost my virginity........ my poor penis :'c"
 "I thought that, too... she disagreed."
 "Indeed. We need a flamethrower control bill badly. Why doesn't Abamo do something about this? People are dying by the thousands."
 "Oh, always learning something new.. Altough I drive bigger cars with only sideview mirrors, so can't really do that. I need to see the road too..."
 "I'm just answering the questions I was asked.  Or was I supposed to just sit back and admire the ignorant rhetoric? "
 "You should start with that version of the story next time "
 "Ad 1  2. Right. I was mistaken.  Ad 3. I'm not against firearms. I'd rather everyone had access to weapons."
 "Just because burgers are flipped full time doesn't make it worth $15/hr."
 "We should meet "
 ":)  she's not on Reddit.  Just me being me."
 "gonna have to agree with you there, a messy room is ok as long as it's just clothing and simple stuff.. but when you're growing science projects because you're too fucking lazy to clean up your food dishes and the like thats just foul and unhealthy."
 "Fuck off with your stupid fucking edit. NO ONE CARES "
 "The plot of the story involves Bond helping the FBI figure out who is behind a string of data thefts involving stealing government secrets from the U.S. and its allies. The attacks have nearly destroyed the infrastructure and nearly wiped out all bank's digital data, nearly collapsing the U.S. dollar instantly. The attacks are also affecting everyone else to a lesser degree, except China, which has reported no attacks of any kind.  A majority led by the U.S. and surprisingly, Russia, in the U.N. are not buying the Chinese counter-argument, as the Chinese consider themselves as innocent.  Most people in the U.S. and are convinced that the Chinese are behind it, based upon popular U.S. sensationalism, fear-mongering, and xenophobia, while a few believe otherwise. Obama is taking flack from this chaos, and his administration is pressuring him to to expand the NSA's capabilities to \"unlimited and unchecked,\" and U.S. military's presence near China to \"invasion-ready.\" The U.S.' allies are trying to pin this blame on China with the help of Israel. A non-believer, a female IT security specialist for the U.S. Navy, is working alongside bond to help figure this out.  A trip to Israel leads Bond and this specialist to the suspected attack's source location to a villa here. They get involved with a high-ranking corrupt government official from the Israeli government there. He is found out to be apart of the attacks, and is also gaining much from pocketing U.S. foreign aid for himself and selling U.S. supplied arms and technology to well-known terrorist groups in the region. It is revealed that he also apart of a secret plot to destabilize the Saudi kingdom as well.  Bond kills him, but now has to outrun Israeli special forces. Their efforts are made worse, as a tall-Jaws-like individual who has half of his body replaced with cybernetic parts, is piloting an attack helicopter, and is pursuing them. Boris, the disfigured-faced being is piloting an attack helicopter, and wants them dead! He is stopped when the pair leads him to his demise after being chased and lead to a crash during a canyon chase.    From their efforts there, they gain a lead to the Chinese mainland to a laid-off, advanced in age, network security specialist who lives in an a small house outside the  outskirts of Beijing. He mentions to Bond about is monitoring of the attacks in real-time in his spare time. He shows them a map of the past and concurrent attacks, suspecting that were not from China, but all suspiciously originating from an unknown location in Russia.  Bond is informed by MI6 to meet with a contact in Moscow about the source of the actual attacks. Going to the location supplied, they wait in an abandoned warehouse, where they meet their contact, who reveals themselves as Edward Snowden. Snowden tells them that China is being framed, and that Russia is at fault. He also reveals information about Chinese banks being nearly cleaned out, and their military suffering similar cyber attacks experienced by the U.S.' military as well. He also reveals that part of his NSA leaks showed that the NSA was also involved in a recent cyber war against an outside \"entity\" described as \"equally capable as theirs.\" Not only that, there are also many traitors inside the organization who are working against the U.S. for \"extremely generous\" amounts of money from this \"entity,\" with the list showing the current director receiving as much as a billion US dollars.   Their meeting is ended by pursuing Russian special forces, with a burnt, angry Boris leading the group. Boris is seen blowing up the door, using a rocket fired from a ridiculously over-sized assault rifle, leading the assault. In the scramble, the Navy IT specialist is captured, Snowden is killed in action, but Bond manages to get away. He feels something weird in his coat pocket, and discovers a thumb drive that Snowden must have slipped to him unknowingly.  His search takes him to Putin's office in the Kremlin. He is caught during an infiltration attempt. Putin turns around in his chair, while sipping a cup of tea and smiles as bullet-resistant wall comes down and separates his desk and Bond. Boris comes out from a secret wall panel, and faces Bond as Putin's entertainment. Putin escapes during this time. Bond uses his wits to defeat Boris, and finds an escape route through Boris' secret panel.  Bond finds Putin's actual hideout later, a highly secure underground state-of-the-art server warehouse, thanks to an earlier information tip received from Snowden. Bond sneaks in successfully, but finds out that the Navy IT specialist is being forced at gun-point to hack the NSA for control of the U.S.' surveillance capabilities. Putin is also heard speaking of China as \"his personal flak scapegoat for the American's anger towards Russian interests\". He encourages a group of hackers before him as they toil away as something unknown. He also mentions something else about, \"Russia influencing the world with American charm, but with American capabilities at his disposal.\"    Bond neutralizes nearby security, including the guard holding the Naval IT specialist at gunpoint, and confronts Putin, with him revealing the plot, \"To control the eyes of the world, the minds of their bodies, and wealth of their currencies..\"  In the news, China is facing internal mass panic and government protests, and another series of cyber attacks have happening worldwide...  Outside China's oceanic borders, \"warning\" skirmishes have increased between U.S. and Chinese air and naval forces. Reports of rumored casualties on both sides and the idea of the U.S. \"wiping China off the map\" under worldwide sensationalism, hits the news...    Bond has to chase Putin throughout this facility, and into a server room with a monitor in a center. On the monitor is a map of the world, with paths tracing from the facility to every country all over the world. A bloody fist fight goes on between the two, but Bond defeats Putin. He manages to copy some information from a nearby computer, but Putin survives for a bit to activates the 30-minute self-destruct sequence.  Bond and the IT specialist escape the slowly exploding facility in a Russian MiG parked nearby and head towards the nearby U.S. naval group outside China. They are targeted and fired upon, but escape through ejection. Landing on a battleship, the U.S. Naval IT specialist shows her credentials, and reveals Bond's information to everyone. The plot is broadcast around the world for all to see.  In the end, life goes back to normal, and everyone maintains life as before.  The IT specialist and Bond are seen vacationing in Hawaii."
 "I prefer thing. Thanks."
 "good goal, ... always! "
 "Stuart was hilarious!"
 "It's amazing how often you see this."
 "Stacy's ~~mom~~ dad!!!!...."
 "Tea, Earl Grey. Hot. "
 "she didnt have it. i think. this was 12 years ago"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Overreact to downvotes. If you're getting downvoted it's obviously a big deal and you NEED to know why! Internet points are serious business. "
 "They are currently in a one-month \"extremely lowered search results\" penalty phase.  They were doing SEO that was against Google's terms of service, and Google spanked them.  Adding \"site:rapgenius.com\" gets them back to the first page of results.  Or just wait until late January."
 "This is exactly me."
 "Hey! That's my line. "
 "I would just like to let you know about /r/whowouldwin, a great subreddit for this kind of stuff. :)"
 "people like you piss me off. you seem to place little to no value on the people who work the hardest to keep society going. where would you be without cashiers, burger cooks, oil changers?  what would happen if every single minimum wage worker just decided to sleep all day and not bother going in?  you damn well should be impressed by someone who put in 5 years at best buy. i guaran-damn-tee you that after 5 years in retail your degree doesn't impress them one fucking bit. that's like expecting a vietnam combat vet to be impressed by some boot recruit fresh out of training camp.  it's so sickening to me to see that kind of dismissive contempt towards some of the hardest working people in the country."
 "Like for a Christmas tree? Why?"
 "Buy a jar.  Write down all the good things that happen to you (got a raise, got laid, ate bacon every Sunday morning for the entire year....).  Read them on dec 31st.  Realize you had a pretty good year "
 "Cool."
 "My favorite and simultaneously least favorite Onion headlines are the ones which end up being real headlines a few months or years later."
 "DAE le friendzone?????"
 "**NOICE**"
 "My dog, an Australian Shepherd, won't eat if you're looking at her.  But, if you do watch her without her knowledge, she takes several pieces of food, carries them in her mouth, then she goes and hides them.  I guess she's scared someone's gonna steal her food."
 "A Serbian Film because I'm sick like that "
 "Because some jobs are less important.... "
 "Wanting a replica penis inside your anus makes you gay in my opinion.   It is just my thoughts on the matter. "
 "Get a sketchbook and a pencil and teach yourself to draw.  Do a few (fast) sketches every day, copying an image or a photo.  It'll start out pretty embarrassing, but you'll improve more quickly than you'd think, and, within a few months, you'll surprise yourself.  Within a year, you'll have a viable party trick and a useful life skill besides.  "
 "Tuck it in the waistband bro"
 "Squats... It annoys me when I see someone not squatting deep enough."
 "You seem generous though :P"
 "Pro-tip on blind spots-adhesive fishbowl mirrors can bought for very cheap at Walmart. They are fantastic and eliminate all blind spot in my honda. "
 "That's what we'd all like to hope happens. But reality is sadly much different "
 "wait.... then... how do you get rid of it after you're done?..."
 "Believe it or not, a pepper grinder.  Picked out a great one, and it lasted 13 years of more than daily use.  It does still work, but has been retired because it no longer grinds quite as well as it used to.  It is the only thing we registered for that got used daily."
 "So if your boss decided tomorrow to pay you $1 an hour you would be okay with that? FREEDOM!"
 "Au contraire, the male anatomy has blessed us with prostate and anal stimulation. Very taboo to try it, unfortunately, but it's awesome!"
 "\"It's difficult to be on defense when the other team's coach won't tell you their play before the snap.\""
 ":) if you say so."
 "No, my spelling was expectional  FTFY"
 "I am at least 3% sure that doge is included in \"every meme\"."
 "Yeah that makes no sense.  I mean, I'd be incredibly surprised to find out there was sentient life on our neighboring planet, but that wouldn't do anything but reaffirm my atheism. "
 "Take money from individuals. Give it to the government. Let the majority control it. Take away freedom, and let other people *vote* how to spend it.  The public has a longer investment horizon than you. It spends it on infrastructure and education and things that pay for themselves a generation down the line -- rather than a family dinner at TGIF and a ticket to NASCAR.  I **hate** this thinking. The \"public\" is a perfectly altruistic group? The \"public\" knows how to spend money? The \"public\" deserves my money because they can do a better job with it than I can?  This is why the Constitution was written to protect the minority from the tyranny of the majority."
 "Thank god for Fast Lane. Costs a lot, but it is so worth it."
 "Budgeting only goes so far when the job won't pay a living wage. When my sister was working minimum wage, she was buying only store brand everything, only as much as she needed, and still had to apply for food stamps. People living on minimum wage aren't poor because they're throwing their money away on wagyu beef and imported wines and sticky California weed. They're poor because they aren't paid enough to survive on Price Rite brand bread and pinto beans. "
 "You probably watch too much Star Trek."
 "My dad got stuck in a bathroom for the last 4+ hours of a 12 hour flight. Apparently the plane had another bathroom and everyone was asleep. The airline did give him a lot of good stuff including free tickets so I guess it was worth it"
 "Nothing says \"I'm a capable human being!\" quite like cooking a steak for your date"
 "Take 100% responsibility for everything that happens to you. Some of the best advice I've received. "
 "Depends on my mood. If I haven't masurbated in a while, or am feeling sexually peckish, doesn't take much to get a boner. Interestingly, I'm more likely to accidentally get a boner by picturing said girl naked than if she were to brush up against my penis. When I make accidental contact with women, I get too focused on not being creepy about it to get aroused by it."
 "Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 1 in our of either:  * **Your own answer to the question goes in the comments as a reply to your own post.  Your post will not be approved unless your own answer is removed from the text box.**  * **You must post a clear and direct question, and only the question, in your title**  Use the text box to explain your question if necessary (adding context or conditions), but do not use it to share your answer. As the submitter, your answer or story goes in the comments section as a reply to the post. This is to allow for users to distinguish between the question being asked, and the submitter's answer, when voting.  Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited.  [**When you've removed your answer from the textbox, message the mods for review and and ask the moderators to re-approve it.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "spell recieve "
 "We actually have 2 roundabouts in the netherlands where people coming onto the roundabout have right of way, lovely confusion when people do not get that (traffic lights regulate flow onto one of them)"
 "Fish store employee here. Bettas in bowls. Goldfish in bowls. Should I continue?"
 "Ugh, I try so hard, but I can only make water with chicken bits and noodles. I even started spaghetti noodles on fire.  "
 "You know Reddit won't let you get away with saying that without massive downvoting. "
 "I would *love* to read that, sir."
 "Useless dog can't talk, solve crimes"
 "maybe some (full-time) jobs require less than an average (full-time) liveable-wage job does - it could be an option if you dont need as much money (or split expenses) and instead go for something less requiring.  seems like a viable system for me.  now, then problem is when *every* full time job, or the average dont pay a liveable wage, then there's something broken."
 "I am with people I know well. It exhausts me to wade through all the bullshit associated with meeting new people, although I have to occasionally force myself to in order to make long lasting relationships. Having a large repertoire of acquaintances doesn't interest me whatsoever. It's just unneeded stress. "
 "[Harry Potter Books Spark Rise in Satanism Among "My very picky friend who refuses to eat vegetables recently discovered she can make her greasy fast food tacos \"healthier\" by putting some iceberg lettuce on them."
 "this is huff"
 "This is a great thread for self righteous people to be self righteous. Sweet! "
 "Kim Jong wins sexiest man alive.   North Korea posted the headline everywhere and Jong celebrated.   Awesome "
 "A tail like a monkey's just think of what we could accomplish with essentially an extra arm which can be wrapped around our waist sayain style when not in use."
 "What county in Florida?"
 "Be sure to start lurking /r/TalesFromRetail"
 "You can't turn a ho into a housewife. Trust me I've tried more than once"
 "Washing hands. They usually lather and then rinse. It's rinse, lather, rinse."
 "God Answers Prayers of Paralyzed Little Boy: \"NO,\" says "Polish.  My boss, project manager, and two head mechanics are polish.  I think those fuckers are talking about me.  Now I can know for sure."
 "I don't understand why the guy needed to be pulled over. He probably just made a mistake."
 "$100 in gas? Where do you live? Buy a space heater or two and a nice thick blanket and you won't ever have to run the heat again.  When I lived on my own in my teeny tiny little apartment I paid $25 a month for electricity and $20 a month for gas."
 "No actually, you can't fire people for just anything (and get away with it).  Even though it says you can be fired for any reason, people still have a right to file a suit for wrongful termination, and they do all the time.  Right to work states a little more lax on this subject (I'm not really up on the difference) but you obviously can't fire someone because they're black and claim this."
 "what if I don't have the money?"
 "What I don't get is - if the past sexual history of the victim is reasonable to consider to decide if they are credible - they why isn't the past sexual history of the accused considered as well?  It seems an extremely illogical double standard.  To directly address your question - I think the jury should be allowed to consider all reliable evidence, and the weight they choose to give it should be up to them.  Keeping evidence from the jury because it might be inflammatory is a highly questionable practice.  Only evidence which is unreliable should be excluded - things like lie-detectors, jail-house snitches, eye-witness identification (of people they never saw before, or just glimpsed) etc.  If they can not be trusted with the all the reliable evidence available - then how can you trust them to decide with less than all the evidence?  If you feel they are so unreliable that their emotions will determine the verdict rather than their reason - then why would you think they would be more likely to reach the correct verdict when they have less than all the evidence?"
 "Men an lacatate. Source: Youtube"
 "An excellently shaped, solid, rewarding shit. "
 "Last year when I got out of a terrible relationship! !"
 "Some girl will get looser. Most girls will be able to fit a lot more after giving birth, but that doesn't necessarily mean they'll be looser. Being loose has more to do with how strong her muscles are than how far she can potentially stretch. Some women will actually get tighter after child birth, not because they have smaller vaginas, but because they start working out their pelvic floor muscles which they had never done prior to giving birth."
 "Arnold Schwarzenegger. "
 "When I was young, I really wanted to play with my little sister (maybe 1 year old).  But she was in her crib with big gates walls.  So I climbed up on a chair and tried to pull her out by her arm, and ended up pulling her shoulder right out of its socket.  Pretty gross, but I just wanted to play with my little sister! :("
 "Porn"
 "How do I know where to start? Last year I ran a lot but I started at zero so I knew how hard to push. I ended at running a 10k every other day but I had to stop over summer because of work. Now I'm \"fat\" but idk how far our of shape I am."
 "do you really think all of this behavior (not allowing full time hours) just started with the introduction of Obamacare, which isn't even 100% active yet?  it didn't.  it's been going on for years, and it's not due to Obamacare.  an argument may be able to be made that Obamacare has exacerbated the issue (I am not able to stand on either side of that argument), but it sure as heck isn't a new issue."
 "When in Rome. Chick flicks..."
 "Vomit. It was not mine. Whomever left it must not have enjoyed rice very much."
 "Equally acceptable reactions."
 "If Roberto Benigni hadn't acted like a cartoon character at the Oscars, this movie would be much more fondly remembered today. "
 "Not gay at all (not that there's anything wrong with it...).  There is no other man even around.  Enjoy!  Even the pope enjoys this once in a while."
 "Party pooper. "
 "Last year I put some food coloring in what I thought was my moms body wash, turned out to be her shampoo. You can figure out the rest..."
 "Russian"
 "Exactly! I'll sleep long enough when I'm dead "
 "My response is sort of related to the really good ones so far, but is from a bit of a different angle. I don't like when minimum-wage keeps rising because it de-values the skilled, non-minimum wage jobs. My job was earned through years of school and debt and hard work in the industry.  I dont get a raise when min-wage goes up. Why is my job worth less and less compared to a WalMart greeter?  If mindless, non-skilled pay keeps rising, why should anyone strive to become better?   *sigh, such is merica. \"Poor johnny didnt pass his test. Well, give him a star and pass him anyway or he will be sad\"   And I try to use this argument in the abstract, not just to benefit my own position. As mentioned, pay has to be relative to the work/effort/time involved in the job.  I fraking HATE that there are many jobs that are glamorized to the masses (singer, actor, lawyer etc) in part because they can pay much more than an honest days work I'm sure we have lost plenty of potential doctors, scientists, and great artists because showbiz seemed easier and more profitable."
 "The average landscaper makes trucks are likely bought with credit, and not hard cash. "
 "Terminator 3: Rise of the Silver Surfer"
 "A velvety glove. "
 "The real neckbeards are the ones who accuse others. "
 for the unaware "
 "that's flattering."
 "Cut off my Johnson."
 "This doesn't seem like an Onion article; it just seems like a factual news report. :\\"
 "She would soon notice when you start to rip your hair out in frustration."
 "Riding my mountain bike through Thailand and Laos. Hard to find the time to adventure like that these days."
 "Probably trying to apply sunscreen to his ginger skin."
 "They're people I've gathered over the past 9 years or so. I was at one point friends with all of them. Four years of high school, three years of college, and now all of my husband's army friends and their wives. "
 "wow. I never saw the Steven Segal one... Crouching cops, Hidden Badges. That stuff is gold. Thanks for linking!"
 "\"Getting the right fit is difficult at times.\"  Any size 7 ladies wants to be my missing puzzle piece?"
 "There aren't as many gamers or ebook-readers as those who hear music or watch movies."
 "especially when they're not drinking hahahaha hey wanna get in the back seat of my van?"
 "Took pictures of the back of a bunch of random people's heads.   "
 "They are. TPB even has an ebook section. People just read less than they watch."
 "*Enhance.*"
 "that's flattering. "
 "Sure, but you don't *need* to invoke altruism by those on subsistence living on behalf of their employer. They have (or at the very least perceive) a rational self-interest too. It's a little much to go digging deeply into motives either way."
 "No matter how little you make, very strictly put a fixed amount of money in savings for every paycheck you get."
 "r u a turki"
 bill nye dead"
 "Oh god. My dog will lean on my legs like a cat and keeps trying to gimme her paw   I live Labradors "
 "I don't believe I ever mentioned the CRA, so your links don't do anything to prove me wrong."
 "Take AP tests seriously. ... everybody but you gets like 80 AP credits to stay college"
 "Honestly? Nothing. We got all the basic kitchen, bedroom, and bath stuff, but in the end we really appreciated the money since we paid for most of our wedding. It was nice to get a majority of it back. Most of all thought, we really just liked sharing the day with our friends. I enjoy the time people spend there much more than any stupid gift that we spent forever registering for at Bed, Bath, and Beyond."
 "that's flattering. "
 "I don't disagree.  What I'm saying is that people don't have a right to pick both the job and the wage.  If their current job doesn't pay enough for them, they can do what's necessary to get a better one.  Forcing the employer to pay them what they desire to do the job they choose is just welfare by another name. "
 "Same here; I find it a decent strategy"
 "Masturbating. I hate rushing, I need at least 40 mins then if I'm lucky a nap after"
 "halo CE"
 "Out of curiosity, how old are you?  I **NEVER** saw anyone do this prior to, at most, a decade ago.  I'll bet this happened during the \"everybody has ADHD and peanut allergies\" era."
 "Forgetting to hold down the brake pedal when starting my push-start-button car."
 "Chinatown at rush hour everyday is enough to make you rage. \"Hi, welcome to our Nation's Capital. Please move the fuck to the right so we can get to work.\"  My response to this thread was that very few people seem to know the difference between \"everyday\" and \"every day.\""
 "In Washington state, it is illegal to kill Bigfoot"
 "Yeah it's pretty lame."
 "I was always brave and kind of righteous, now I find I'm wavering.  "
 "Sounds like my dad! #KillMe"
 "There is a roundabout in my town in which the inner lane forces you to make a u-turn. You cannot exit from the lane. I refuse to circle indefinitely. "
 "In Germany, there is the word \"neben\" which means \"next to\"), but people tend to say \"neber\", and it pisses me off"
 "It moves *for* you. I know I'm being stereotypically lazy here, but can you wait a damn second? The time spent going up the escalator won't effect you. You're like the people who weave in and out of traffic only to be next to me at the next stoplight. "
 "Bucky Larson: Born to be a Star Wars"
 "Well I had a one way ticket for california and decided to cancel it yesterday. I love him, still getting over the bullshit. But hey, life along with relationships aren't always going to be sunshine and unicorns... It seemed to really help with our relationship after though. "
 "People get fired. "
 "Am I the only one wondering what you were doing with a champagne glass on new years eve at the age of six or seven?"
 "You started on reddit when you were 9?"
 "I used to be outgoing because I had a good group of friends."
 "Actually when it comes to electric and gas prices, location rarely changes that."
 "My pit farts himself awake and then barks at the noise"
 "[Getting "I stood in line two hours to try five minutes of Diablo 3. It really made me rethink my life."
 "I am convinced that people will find plenty of reasons to have lives other than the promise of obtaining superior material wealth than their peers. In fact, I'd go so far as to propose that our (I'm a citizen of the US) cultural, 'moral' focus on productive work as the goal and purpose of every human life is a big part of the reason we're having issues with poverty and increasing income disparity.  I think businesses would likely be founded by people who are passionate about a trade and want to see their success benefit as many people as possible, so like you said, for the sake of the employees.  I also think that, as we start to phase out individual material wealth in favor of public access to resources, the public sector will get more efficient. As it works now, the public sector is basically a bunch of private entities working under the guise of government. Someone somewhere in every organization is trying to look out for themself. If we make sure that you get what you get no matter how cut throat you're capable of being, nobody will bother being cut throat and the actions and choices made in the public sector won't be influenced or motivated by the private sector.  Essentially, we need to strip individuals of the ability to better their lives without also raising the standing of every other citizen equally so that we succeed or fail as one entity, a family of individuals. I think a big part of the change will be the breaking down of subcultures, in-groups, nations, religions, families, and all other brands of exclusive cliques. We need to look at eachother and see only Beings. Every single Person I see is indistinguishable from, interchangeable with, and equivalent to Me."
 "I don't hate my boss I just wish he'd come clean and admit he doesn't know what the fuck he's doing."
 "The early ones would, just as the early manufacturing robots were very expensive.  Bear in mind that *today* there are robotic warehouse management systems commercially available. Grocery stores aren't *that* different."
 " And the ones [minorities] that don't [know how to game the system for free money]are the ones that actually deserve public assistance  "
 "A sleep button and timer."
 "Source? "
 "Just because you have the reaction time of a sloth in molasses in a winter storm doesn't mean the rest of us do.   Quit trying to be a troll..you suck at it. "
 "That doesn't really count as making a space for you. You have to get your nose in first almost anywhere in the US when there is heavy traffic. It's pretty much brute force and you're really just hoping you won't get hit. This is my experience as a Canadian driving around the Bronx for the past several months. "
 "Why is this question only directed at women?"
 "Kill myself. It would be pretty pointless by then."
 "Intelligent life. I like to believe that there is intelligent life exists there, but they are in underground cities or bunkers in the canyons or below the crust. "
 "Icelandic: so i can be one of like 3 foreigners who know how to speak it."
 "It's more about web/network protocols being secure than the OS.  "
 "The violin solo at the start of Fiddler on the Roof.  "
 "I'm holding out for the 60GB version."
 "Out of curiosity is it acceptable if it is a truck with cargo or something pulling a trailer? Or someone who has their mom in the backseat who just had surgery on both legs so they are trying to make it as comfortable as possible for them, so long as they blinker early and slow gradually?"
 "The correct answer is of course \"The Last Action Hero\".   With the magic ticket you can make ANY movie real. First thing I would go to Indian in the Cupboard and get the cupboard. Then I would get a ton of cheap lightsaber toys and make them real and sling them for $20mil a piece. Then I would go into Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Cool World, Heavy Metal(or possibly just star trek and borrow the holodeck) and have massive toon orgy. "
 "In a market with a limited job supply, why *shouldn't* the person willing to work harder get the job?"
 "When a vendor doesn't accept American Express."
 "Touch. Eager to see your response to the other guy above... I think the U.S. GDP per capita ($52,000) says a great deal about resource availability."
 "Sheryl Crow Unsuccessful; War On Iraq Begins "
 "Why can't I sneeze into the air if I'm outside and I sneeze away from everyone? "
 "Avatar: The Last Airbender.  Would be an amazing movie.  Too bad it was never made."
 "I think it gained traction during the H1N1 outbreak a few years ago."
 "Thank you... Working on that as well.   Its alot harder the older I get..."
 "Not the first time JTs made the ladies howl. *wink*  P.S. My husky only howls to videos of babies crying."
 "In Australia the average rent is about $400 a week. "
 "throwaway because boyfriend knows my main account and would not be pleased with me divulging this.   We do this from time to time, but it's rare. It's something that he's into, and to be honest it's kind of hot being the one with a dick for once. He's bi though, so his sexuality may be a part of why he's so intrigued with \"pegging\" as I think it's called. Either way, having a piece of plastic/rubber/whatever up your bum does not make you gay. The man's prostate is up there, and orgasms will be way better for him so.....carry on..."
 "I'm gonna get a gold one."
 "Also, it really doesn't take into account the entire picture like increased sales from people who have more discretionary money and so on.  More importantly it doesn't take into account the fact that the bakery owner's sales will decrease due to the new higher price. If all the owner had to do to make more money was raise the price by $2 he would've already done it."
 "French, because I live close to Canada and they have a drinking age of 18. Road trip motherfuckers!! Not to mention the strip clubs!! :D"
 "My parakeet, Horus, will do flips around his perch and do money-like stunts until he gets attention. It's so cute!"
 "God answers prayers of paralyzed boy; \"No,\" says God"
 "I always wondered how his therapist ever dealt with "I was very confused by this initially haha"
 "I have a disabled budgie named Dio (he ate lead). Dio LOVES it when I blow on his neck. He just floofs up, tilts his head, and walks right up to my face. My other parakeet looks severely offended when I blow on him and flies away. Dio also has [a wide I think is pretty adorable."
 "Every morning, from when I could talk until I was six, I woke up singing \"Old MacDonald Had a Farm\". My parents thought that it was really sweet."
 "Man Returns To Work After Vacation With Fresh, Reenergized Hatred For Job "You live in society. You *have* to support other people. That's what society is and if you don't like it, you should stop living in society."
 "Better to deny the invitation than to agree and not show up. They may plan to have you there and buy extra supplies."
 "Just the thought of that makes me cringe..... *ouch*"
 "The U.S. is actually one of just a couple of countries (to my knowledge) that actually allows this.  "
 "Yea, it sure was. I heard some friends of mine talking about it when I left the room a while back."
 "I'm that person. "
 "never thought buses were relaxing since they make me motion sick and I always get paranoid that I'll miss my stop and get lost like that. "
 "100 duck sized humans might be scarier."
 "To my \"family and friends\" that have betrayed me to the point that I know you're going to read this FUCK YOU. That's how I feel about betrayal."
 "How many you need?  I know lots."
 "David Tennant."
 "Still we are talking a billion dollars here.  Pretty easy to say that you wouldnt, when its not on the table."
 "Hidden Valley Ranch Bombed by Balsamic Extremists  and the article: "Where's /u/BEST_RAPPER_ALIVE when you need him?"
 "Are there men that don't enjoy sex?"
 "So to a person with no marketable skills and no college degree, you simply say \"Go find a better job\"   ?"
 "Mr. Hands got butthurt..."
 "\"I crashed my car into the bridge. I watched, I let it burn. I threw your shit into a bag and pushed it down the stairs. I crashed my car into the bridge.\" -Icona Pop"
 "Educate yourself on how it works and how to use it. Knowledge is power, especially when it comes to your own body.   I was on the pill for five years and did not get pregnant. We were having sex at least once a week without condoms and I have no reason to suspect either of us are infertile. We used condoms or didn't have sex on a couple of occasions where there were doubts.  Make sure you know of any and all things that could compromise your pill. Certain antibiotics, sickness and diarrhoea, things like that. Some pills require very good timing for taking them, but not all. There are different formulations, so they can vary. If you are in doubt use condoms.   People spout rules about the pill based on old information or rules that apply only to certain pills and I think that causes a lot of unnecessary fear and aggro amongst people who are inclined toward being cautious anyway. So learn what is appropriate for the one you are on.  Lastly: learn how it works. I'll briefly outline it but you should go read up on it somewhere for the sake of accuracy.   When taken properly the pill does several things that reduce your chances of conception. It stops most/all ovulation (depending on your particular pill), it reduces your womb lining and it thickens your cervical mucus. So if you miss one pill you *probably* won't ovulate and even if you did, it's harder for sperm to get through *and* there is less womb lining for it to implant in. But it's all about risk factors. If you consistently compromise the efficacy of your pill by missing or you miss it at certain times of the month, the risk of pregnancy could be greater. I'm not promoting complaceny here, just knowing the facts.  There are always tales of people who got pregnant when on the pill. I'm hesitant to call them liars or halfwits but I think a LOT of people screw up or sabotage on purpose, and of course it's easy to just say 'oh it didn't work, whoops!'. Same goes for people whose condom \"broke\".. some of them screwed up, some were unlucky, some didn't even use one.  Oh annnd one more thing, if you're still fretful or like me you are useless at remembering pills, an IUD might be an option. It has a better success rate and you can't screw it up, but it has other downsides."
 "Nice try, NSA."
 "You.... you don't have to shout...."
 "Ignore the terms and conditions.  Safe from lawsuits bitches."
 "Humans of New York! They post pictures of people and tidbits of their stories. A lot of inspiring stuff imo. Makes my newsfeed better overall."
 "Anna Kendrick"
 "Attempting small talk leaves me feeling like a vulcan. It's pointless, and I'd rather be reading.  Thank you though! It's a good thing I work in a pet store. I ran the aquarium section for almost three years in my current shop (I'm a supervisor now so I float around all the sections) and it was the best outlet."
 "Amen.  I'd move--where I live isn't much better off than Cookeville--but you have to have money to move stuff.  If you don't move that stuff, you have to sell it and buy new stuff.  Once you're there you need a job, a place to buy or rent, and down payments/security deposits.  If it's to another state, there's driver's licenses and so on.  I know I'm forgetting a lot, and it depends on where you're moving to, but it's simply not a choice for everyone.  And I mean...even with me out of work, our household income is higher than the median family income for my area, and we can't afford to move.  No way.  And the jobs around here that *do* pay are things like manufacturing (which pays lower than it did 20 years ago) and things like non-union coal mining jobs."
 "Everything at my place is gas.  Stove, general heat, and heating the water.  "
 "If we are making a generalization, then yes. Safe to say if I don't pull away or make a weird face, then I am either debating on whether it was meant in a flirty way or I'm enjoying it and will probably reciprocate. "
 "Need to make penis' look more attractive. I think we can all agree about how ugly they are, even though their function is doing your work. Can't we have both beauty and function? "
 "From Ottawa can confirm i've never seen it or heard the term"
 "Brother?"
 "I thought it was just our microwave I couldn't do that in! "
 "i work minimum wage in a restaurant and im opposed to $15 minimum wage. why? my employer couldnt afford to keep me on if it were that high. its as simple as that"
 "I haven't had this dream in years, but on several occasions when I was young - usually about once every 6 months to a yearuntil I was 10 or 11 - it would come back around.  So, it starts off in my maternal grandparents old house. Their front door entryway was backed by the staircase leading the second story, and two halls lead off to either side, one to the living room and one to my grandmothers work room and the then around to the kitchen. There was a bathroom in the latter hall. My sister and I are making toy ghosts out of kleenex, string and ping pong balls, which is something we used to do there (so we could dangle the ghosts down from the second story landing like they were floating). That's when someone - I believe it was my father - comes in and says that my grandfather (not the one whose house we're in, either, but my paternal grandfather) wants to see me upstairs. It's at this point in the dream that I realize my entire family is in the house and I start to get nervous about what he could want.   I start going upstairs and I have to go up about six flights and I'm not even close to the top floor (the house, in reality, was only two stories). When I finally get to the right door I knock and hear my grandfather tell me to come in. I step into a huge room - a room bigger than the house would have been - which is totally white and featureless. My entire family - including my sister and father who I left downstairs - are in the room in a big crowd. I walk towards them and the cluster parts down the middle, revealing my paternal grandfather who'd asked for me. He is bolted to the wall by his wrists and ankles, face towards the wall. His head swivels around like an owl and he asks me a question that I've never remembered - I just get scared then, but not scared enough to wake up. All I really remember is squirming around and not wanting to answer him - no recollection of what I might have said or what the question was.   What I consistently remembered next was going downstairs, into the hall leading to the kitchen, and entering the bathroom there. I never liked that bathroom - it was all black and white tile with gold fixtures and it always scared me for some reason. Yet that's where I go to hide from my family, who terrify me at this point because of what happened upstairs. There is a spider - a giant spider - in the bathroom. I sit and idly talk with the spider for a while (I've never remembered what we talked about, but always got the feeling the spider was trying to cheer me up somehow).   On leaving the bathroom, I go into the kitchen/breakfast room area. There is a sliding glass door leading to the backyard, and across the breakfast area from that door is a desk. In my dream the desk has glass cabinet doors over the shelves above the writing surface (which it didn't have in reality). My maternal grandfather is sitting at the desk writing a letter. I look over his shoulder at the glass cabinet doors and see a reflection of the backyard through the sliding glass door. My sister (five years older) is standing in the yard, smiling like a villain. I turn around and the yard is empty. I turn back and her evil doppelganger reflection is still smiling at me. I'm getting scared again, but my grandfather turns around sealing an envelope before I can do anything or say anything and tells me that he needs me to go and put his letter in the mailbox and that it's very important. I agree, because that means I get to leave the house.  I walk out of the house, across the front yard, and I go to the mailbox. I open the mailbox and I reach in to see if anything is in there... Now, this is the part that I swear is most vivid and has puzzled me more than anything else in this incredibly weird ass dream. Inside the mailbox is what my juvenile mind thought a porcupine looked like (essentially a hedgehog), only instead of quills this thing has popsicle sticks coming out of its back. I touch it and jerk my hand away, for some reason thinking the popsicle sticks will still hurt me as badly as I then thought quills would hurt me. My in-dream reaction, every time, was to assume my sister had done this - planted the animal there - because she is suddenly evil and wants me dead (I get along with my sister and, for the most part, always have). I distinctly remember considering that my maternal grandfather might've been in on the whole thing, but would always end up realizing that he probably had no idea what was going on.  And that's it. I would wake up at that point, never really scared but certainly uncomfortable. I don't think I ever once managed to put my grandfathers letter into the mailbox, either.   Anyway... I hardly ever get to talk about that and I've long since given up on trying to figure out where it might've come from or why I had it so many times. I'm more than open to interpretations, of course, but really I just wanted to revisit it :) Thanks for reading. "
 "The notebook."
 "Exactly. I've been wondering if it's like Cinderella and finding the shoe the one who fits the glass slipper."
 "Nah, that's bullshit, it's been debunked."
 "fuck it, I upvoted you."
 "Chris Christie's whole \"I don't give a damn about politics\" thing during relief efforts after Hurricane Sandy."
 "I actually just finished commenting on that to another response.  I did blue collar work for about a year before my current engineering job.  With OT the wages from the technician job were equivalent and didn't need the 4 years of college.  But I like my office.  I like going to work in a conditioned space.  I have immense respect for our company's techs and what they do, but I went to college specifically because I knew hard work in the field wasn't for me."
 "I think about once every hundred posts I see a question that actually fits the rules of the sub is not a re-post.   "
 "I was on the fence about buying an ONion book at one point in my life until I found this headline. "
 "Well i think internships are different, since you're joining a professional office community where you interact on a different level than you would with people you call brothers. "
 "Can confirm that scalping a nail SUCKS."
 "Get this: an **ALARM**...and a **CLOCK!**"
 "Traveling to a foreign country alone."
 "MS Paint!!"
 "Umbridge.  She's just a psycho cunt."
 "Hi there! It looks like you may not have posted a **direct question**, and only the question in your title. Please repost and include **only the question** in your title, and add any context in the text box.   If you want to answer your own question, make sure to do that **as a comment reply**.   If you feel you received this message in error, please contact the mods, thanks!   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "ASL because I feel its something everyone should learn"
 "Accurate. "
 "Stewart!"
 "MagnificoOoOoOoOo  Easy come, easy go, will you let me go?  FTFY"
 "I don't want to touch it, it's icky. That's basically it. "
 "You can link facebook and twitter, so it double posts. So I think a lot of people post to twitter and it goes everywhere. "
 "Jesus returns to the NBA."
 "Photos are OK, videos are NEVER ok to take in portrait mode. It always looks horrible and I'm not sure why there isn't some sort of alert on cell phones telling people not to do this."
 "Just bear in mind that illegality tends to follow popularity. A lot of \"designer drugs\" don't get much attention, certainly not at the street level, because they just don't stand out much from established drugs. If you want to trip, there's already LSD and psilocybin and mescaline. If you want to relax there's a cornucopia of options, from weed to pills or booze. If you want energy there's all the amphetamine-class of drugs.  So there's all sorts of chemicals - hundreds, I'm sure - that will do similar things to those established drugs, and given a choice between the two most druggies would probably pick the one they've heard about over the one that's just a strange string of numbers and letters."
 "You are not alone."
 "Harry Potter and the Knocking Up of Nancy Drew "
 "Declining does not make you an asshole.  Faling to show after saying you would does, especially if the host has limited space and/or was laying on food/liquor/etc for a number of confirmed guests."
 "I would say more control over what our body absorbs of what we eat. It'd be nice to choose exactly how many calories and how many carbs I absorb from the foods I eat without having to change my eating habits. Instead, my body stores EVERYTHING."
 "A full ride scholarship is as much a matter of luck as intelligence. Sure, you need intelligence, but it won't guarantee that you'll be able to attend college.   How does someone \"find a way\" to go to college when they're living on food stamps? "
 "She had a flat ass.  I dealt with it, and really liked all the other things about her, but I really like a round ass and I just couldn't pretend I'd be happy with a flat one for long (like a month?)"
 "C. Why did you go through a garbage can, in the first place?"
 "This would be wonderful. I was eating a celery stick earlier thinking how disgusting it was, but I made myself eat it. That stuff is great for you."
 "It's voraphilia. It's a fetish that involves the desire to either swallow someone or be the one swallowed."
 "Make a huge sigh of relief and say \"Thank God, the operation was a success.\""
 "One word JAIL!"
 "That happened to me today. Went to mostly empty mall parking lot, and tried to park like I normally do by reversing to the spot. But for the life of me couldn't get it straight. Had to blondpark. "
 "and those rules only work 60% of the time every time"
 "I want to back this! Reading is one of my favorite things to do because there's no lack of stuff to read and it can have drastic effects on your vocabulary and compositional confidence!  Start anywhere and read everything that you can, and at whatever pace you can manage. It will hook you in like nothing else will if you give it time, you have my word. Have a happy time doing it though, because isn't that the point of life anyways?"
 "Awwww, another budgie owner &lt;3 Are you on /r/parrots?"
 "Spring breakers. It was awful"
 "This. When I was in high school, I worked at a pet store for $7.45. I was a great employee, and trained other store's managers. Then, I quit, because the pay sucked for how much I was investing into the job. A month later they called me and hired me back for $10.00. If I was worth $10, why didn't they give me that raise before I quit and made them sweat it out for a month?"
 "Someone who smokes and isn't hungry? "
 "\"When it comes to condoms, put two on\"   -Asher Roth: I love college "
 "Fun, but Roman likes \"Spa\" more"
 "netflix is tv."
 "Both of these are true. Businesses will fire people, businesses will hire people. The question is will more people be hired or fired?  Also, while I have heard the higher volume argument I really have never seen anyone try to argue it, and your link definitely doesn't seem to purport it. Were you just making it to show there are alternative views, or do you generally believe it?"
 "Thanks for the input!  Are you a lawyer?  I wonder about that point when the recognition of guilt happens mid trial,  when you are already in the proceds of defending the client as if they were innocent.  Do you just shift gears? Do you inform the judge of your new found belief?  Do you meet with the prosecutor about it? How bad would it have to be for you to consider stepping down?"
 "Elysium"
 "What a rare opinion for Reddit."
 "Always ready for Isla"
 "Chinese people are Godless incompetent assholes. "
 "At least one of them ends up married. So, there's hope yet."
 "My dog. Why does she not like me stupid bitch?!"
 "Something I saw on reddit a while back is the 5-3-1 method. You give her 5 options (such as for restaurants and where to eat), she picks 3, and you pick the final one. It's helped me since learning it as every damn girl I'm with seems to be indecisive."
 "I'm trying to get into Stanford for Law School, I know the struggle."
 "My parents actually live in Almaty Kazakhstan haha"
 "Marriage is misery FTFY"
 "AND A HAPPY NEW YEAR!"
 "Lesbian Twincest. I know, I'm a terrible person."
 "DURKA DURR!"
 "Warren Buffett "
 "I demonstrate espresso machines for my job and offer people samples and a lot respond with \"oh i can't drink one, id be up all week LOL\" meanwhile they keep chugging their jumbo sized Starbucks coffee"
 "Right.  I make the point above about \"living wage\" because it's used over and over as an emotional appeal to the public to fight for a higher minimum wage or some kind of \"guaranteed income\".  It would sell much more poorly if its proponents told the truth... that what they want is to make more money for doing the same jobs just 'cuz.  "
 "M'lady"
 "Not really... More like black/white people be like and ruining people's days "
 "I don't think people asking for minimum wage increases are asking to be upped to a \"high paying\" salary, rather a salary that they could conceivably live on."
 "Misuse of the term\"Frankenstein\". Everyone always thinks it's the monsters name!"
 "Falling in love with a man, that's what makes you gay. I've met plenty of straight friends that have even experimented with men. Look at every other comment in this thread. "
 "Yeaaah, if I'm coming out of the isles and see an empty or short lined register, I'm heading for it. Sorry bucko."
 " In order to lock the door, I tied a string to old lock, closed the door and pulled.  I don't get it?"
 "People do that because its fun. Stop worrying about people wasting alcohol, alchy. Also the awesome pirate eye-patches. What a buzz kill."
 "Like, in a sexual context? \"Oh no! Well, are you in the mood? We could go in the shower or something.\"  Not sexual? Then there's no reason she would tell you unless she feels kinda shitty and wants to let you know. \"Aw, do you feel ok/need anything?\""
 "Are you John Malkovich? "
 "I never really believed to begin with, but the thing that makes it hard for me to believe in religion is that there are/have been so many different religions and all of them claims to be the right one, yet there are constantly new religions popping up and old religions fading out.  Last I checked (which was back in high school when I had religion classes) there have been recorded over 4,000 different religions, some which are still around, some which have died out long ago, and some which was made just recently.  And then when you take a good look at all these religions, you'll see that it is all just the same shit, with only minor differences. At it's core, religion is about 3 things: Comfort and Control. And then you can think about how many wars have been fought on the base of this stuff, these religion which are pretty much all just the same stuff anyway. "
 "Only if you realize that you can break the sehen out of fernsehen... Took me a minute to figure that out. And by minute, I mean Monat. Natrlich."
 "I'm surprised. You seem to desperately crave sexual release. Considering you PASSED OUT FROM MASTURBATING TOO LONG AND WOKE UP IN A PUDDLE OF YOUR OWN VOMIT."
 "Michael Schumacher, as a coma patient I'm kinda intrigued as to what's going on in there. "
 "It's amazing how many people's jobs center on repetitive data entry and management, even at a very high wage level ($100k+)"
 "Of course it doesn't mean you have any less value as a person, just that you have less value as an employee.  This is an important distinction that people often fail to realize. Many times people like to shrug off the \"it's just business\" mentality as just fat cat elitism, but on a societal scale, it really is just business."
 "His post gets right up near the moral issue though. The typical moral take from those opposed is that payroll should be based on the value employees provide, not based on how much we like them. They'd say the latter is charity and that it's good to keep charity and business separate."
 "Perhaps if I believed in magical juju then I would clever enough not to worry about Human Right violations?  Please tell me what intellectual disciplines you use to believe in magical juju and miracles and fantastic rewards and gods and monsters and angels and demons and talking mules and unicorns and bigotry towards woman and homosexuals? I'm afraid I can't get past believing in pixies and goblins and you seem so clever."
 "For all we know, it's already real and we're all just unlucky muggles..."
 "I hear some people say \"I prefer iphones because droids are harder to use.\"  I cringe when people call all android devices droids. Then I find out they know less about iOS than I do.  I cringe at the notion of them trying to learn to install cyanogen mod.  Though I wish if they had the power of any smartphone they'd just learn to use it.  "
 "Replace the gun that was used to shoot Lincoln"
 "Sarah Silverman. Funny as fuck and so god damn sexy!"
 "A Bigfoot, duh. He's my kind of animal, that's for sure. He's cute too!"
 "If I don't what will happen to me?"
 "I'm very interested in your job. Would you mind talking about what research you specifically try to get money for? I'm interested in doing research."
 "I think they associate it with the continent of Asia, to an extent, but for the most part I think people see Russia as its own entity.  If I was traveling to Siberia, I would tell people that I was headed to either Russia or Siberia.  I wouldn't say that I was headed to Asia and I certainly wouldn't say that I was headed to Europe. "
 "Yeah, I don't know what to say, I've had it happen to me, too, and it never feels good.  Dating sucks, that's all there is to it.    You just gotta be good at knowing when to pull the plug... and when you do, stick to your guns and don't let someone string you along or play games.  And a lot of people just sincerely don't know what they want, or waffle constantly in their own minds.  So it ends up getting manifested in stuff like this."
 "Hiya Largo! "
 "How do I know where to start again? I ran a lot last year ending at a 10k a day around 30 minuets this summer but had to stop for work. Now Im \"fat\" but I've kept fencing and not terribly out of shape... Or at least I think."
 "it's good that there's an age of consent, but I don't think that a 50 year old should be able to fuck an 18 year old. at 18 you're practically still a kid. I'm not saying that the age should be raised, but if it's bigger than a 10 year age gap it should be illegal until the younger is like 25."
 "[Fuck Everything, We're Doing Five "wow, such original, so sad, much perceptive, very deserving"
 "I was the biological mother. However, the parents never made it a secret or anything like that. It was an open adoption, and they've been talking to him about it since he was a baby. Same with his sister that was adopted a couple of years later.   So, both kids are probably like /u/laurenisahokie. They've just always known that they were adopted, and it was never a big deal. I do know that I had to be the one to break it to the little girl that I wasn't her biological mother. For some reason when she was about 6-7, she decided that I had to be her \"real\" mom because I was fun. Ha! ;)  However, I quickly set her straight that her \"real\" mom was the woman who was always there for her, loving her, helping her learn new things, kissing boo boos and sharing hugs and laughs every day. :)"
 "When my boyfriend is rolling blunts.  Also, when I met him we worked together in a restaurant and he got stuck finishing the cleaning and his forearms were soaped up in dishwater and it turned me on. So something about soaped up forearms get to me."
 " Holding the stereotype that the employees are lower than you and have \"non-jobs\" is masturbatory to the ego and that's why it's so easy to accept.   Hilarious because every single time this subject comes up you will, without a doubt, have hordes of smug assholes coming out of the wood-work describing why exactly they deserve a living wage while others don't.   That, or the conservative 'welfare-champions', who *totally* have enough time and money each day to afford all the necessities of life, food, transportation, healthcare, and go to school, while working 18 hours a day, studying 15 hours a day, while working out another 5 hours each day (because they're obviously ripped) and only sleeping 2-3 hours each day.   Clearly living off of 7 dollars an hour is easy.  "
 " Five minimum-wage positions is around $50/hour in basic costs (minimum wage + employer portion of FICA + admin overhead).  Depends on where you are. Minimum wage in WA and OR is north of $9/hr now and the additional costs are far more than $1/hour. Most estimates put the cost of having a full time employee at between 1.5 and 2 times their hourly wage. "
 "...I dont think those words mean what you think they mean."
 "Soldering, it isn't hard but you can sure fudge it up if you don't know how bad you are at it."
 "I'm bilingual in spanish and in english and for some reason english does work miles better for dirty talk. It feels so awkward to say dirty things in bed with a spanish-speaking chick, so I'm usually way quieter than I want to be in these situations.   I think its because we've picked up the bed lingo through cultural osmosis, and most of the entertainment we watch is in English in this part of the world. "
 "Happy Gilmore Girls"
 "Broken arms."
 " stupid bitch?!  I see what you did there"
 "a moral government would also be moral to their citizens and a minimum wage that makes sure they have enough to eat every month, access to affordable health care, etc. "
 "Very true indeed, familiarity always ones up trumps. "
 "I can't stand it when people write loosing when they mean losing"
 "But is it free and available on the same platforms."
 "Wings... "
 "Hungarian so I can yell at my dad in it for not teaching it to me as a child."
 "No exercise makes me stressed right out."
 "Thank you for writing this. Unfortunately, this issue is one where passion often overcomes logic. It's refreshing to know that there are people out there with the common sense to apply basic economic concepts to questions like this."
 "pm_me_your_tits\rSo I took the next best thing"
 "I think it evens out, they may have 30 checkout lines but only 2 or 3 of them are open!"
 "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows part 2, I got there around 8am opening night for the midnight premier. I was around 50-60th in line, once my friends showed up I went and got some food. When I came back the line was out the door and around the block a few times. I waited from 8am until 12am and then watched a 3 hour movie. Leaving me with 5 hours where I wasn't in downtown Vancouver."
 "Not accept a billion dollars."
 "Girls go to the bathroom together everywhere. Apparently they go to talk about you."
 "Yes, you don't suddenly become a spokesperson or an authority figure within a group of people just because you belong to it nor be granted the permission to generalize. Many of the most vocal opponents to civil rights for minority groups came from within those groups themselves. And this poster clearly draws a line of superiority between himself and feminine gays. "
 "Yeah, you can set them in iOS 7 with ease like in past firmwares. With my jailbreak, I'm able to edit one of the dynamic wallpapers so that a custom one is in place of a colored one in such a way like The reason why it's *dynamic* is because of these little icons that float around and have an effect if you jiggle/tilt your device.   Other than that, if you like where you're at and don't really want to update to iOS 7, don't update. A funny thing that happened in the jailbreak community a day or so ago was another untethered jailbreak being released for people who haven't jailbroken their iOS 6 and wanted to stay on iOS 6. The team that released the iOS 7 jailbreak weren't too happy about it since the exploit used for this *\"worthless\"* iOS 6 jailbreak sounded as if it was a very crucial one. I guess in the mind of the team that released it, they felt they were helping those possibly in your situation where if Apple brings out 7.1 and you haven't updated to iOS 7.0.4, you'll still be able to jailbreak on iOS 6. I say 7.1 since it was found that Apple patched the exploit used in the 7.0.4 jailbreak."
 "Just don't be this type of girl/person. "Women..."
 "What happens? Description please."
 "Note that foreign transactions are a big part of why this would be a good idea. Google \"double irish tax\" to see some ways US companies exploit Irish 0% taxes to avoid paying any US taxes. A 0% tax rate is valuable in two ways:   1) Any publicly traded company has a duty to maximize shareholder value. This is generally considered to include legally minimizing tax liabilities. Large corporations use expensive tax lawyers to effectively side step most of the corporate tax code anyway. If you can pay 5% to a law firm to avoid paying 35%, that's just good business. Since in a global economy companies are exceedingly good at avoiding taxes anyway, it's almost not worth the trouble.  2) We tax things we dislike. Corporate profits can be used for all sorts of good things, particularly investment and hiring. If I have a corporate profit of $3 million, why tax me 35% if I want to use all $3 million to hire new workers? Instead we should tax people when they take profits out of the company and put it in their pocket. This does nothing to grow the company and just enriches an individual, so its a more efficient thing to tax. Note that for this to make sense, the US would absolutely have to raise the comically low capital gains tax rate. Cutting corporate taxes to 0% while leaving capital gains low is just a huge effective tax cut for rich folks and would be a bad idea."
 "No no no my good sir, I believe I will take those sexy dirty talking women for myself."
 "Your opinion, and I'm curious as to whether you have had experience with the other side of the argument."
 "Hindi, because it's my man's first language, and so I can eavesdrop on the guys at work"
 "Eye contact can be a culturally influenced thing. I didn't know I had a different view of eye contact until someone brought it up to me in middle school. I am Alaskan Native and was raised that way; it's considered rude to look someone in the eye too long, especially if they are older than you or are in an authoritative position. So without even knowing it I have created a subconscious habit of only briefly looking into someone's eyes when they are addressing me. I also am an introvert and have social anxiety, so all of it added together makes me feel SUPER uncomfortable when someone wants to force eye contact. (Also if you think about it, don't most animals in the wild see it as a threat or a precursor to a fight?) "
 "Is it 1 2 3 4 5?"
 "Tom boys are my shit. Girly girl ain't for me. "
 "But what if they are prone to falling over from doing badass wheelies?"
 "Use all your free time to better yourself "
 "I'm having a problem, when I click any of the links it says \"You have arrived at your 30-day allowance of 5 free premium pages from America's Finest News Source. \" and then redirects to the main page.  I'd always assumed this was a joke message, parodying news sites that charge to view content, but there doesn't seem to be an obvious bypass method. "
 "You mean prudes?  Yes, they exist."
 "Almost bought something from silk road, thank god I didn't go through with that one.  Edit: it was not child porn, to be clear. "
 "murder. "
 "I don't know. I should probably record my parents before they die. I believe my young aunt once held me and dropped me down the stairs and then since I wasn't very brain damaged, my parents gave me and her some certificate about it."
 "I think it'd be really cool to have a built in front pocket, kangaroo-style."
 "Verizon has the best plans, but they are also the most expensive. "
 "Once the minimum wage went up $2, it hurt the business pretty badly. A couple months later hours were cut across the board  This is the problem with most people who support a substantial increase in minimum wage.  Economics is more complicated than \"there is an ideal minimum wage of X.\"  While I'm sure there is an ideal minimum wage in every given market, *how you get to that minimum wage* is at least as important as *what that optimal minimum wage is*.  A *sudden, unexpected* increase in minimum wage is bad.  If we had some kind of long-term, predictable increase in minimum wage (i.e. a $0.25 increase each year for a certain number of years plus a cost of living adjustment based on **local** prices), that'd be fucking great.  The problem is that the only major camps are \"raise minimum wage by at least $X/hour right now\" and \"either don't raise it or absolish minimum wage entirely.\""
 "If you mess up just go around again."
 "When there is nothing on television."
 "Is there any way we can see you wearing your cat? I'd LOVE to see that because the imagined picture is already hilariously cute."
 "Nick Hancock. I said \"Oh it's TV's Nick Hancock!\" He said \"Yes it is!\" "
 "Couldn't care less"
 "I agree every full time job should pay you enough to live.  However, most people have an improper definition of living.  Having 3 kids without a father isn't your employer's issue.  Thinking you deserve a brand new car isn't living.  You don't deserve starbucks every day because work was stressful.  You don't deserve a $600 phone with a $120 a month bill.  You don't deserve a 2 bedroom upscale apartment to yourself.  I am in no way saying everyone on the bottom end of the pay scale lives like this, but I've seen it first hand via some coworkers many times over."
 "Not going out, I guess I'll be staying in tonight ;("
 "And obligatory disclaimer: this information is from my own research when I was on the pill a few years ago. I'm not a medical person."
 "That's a very good point. Thank god I don't have to make this decision in my lifetime. Who knows you may be right."
 "Why wouldn't someone who doesn't qualify for federal disability assistance be able to work more than 40hrs/week?  And no, to answer your question I'm not. People have a responsibility to themselves to figure out how to make at least an honest living. Sometimes that means working more than the arbitrary full-time amount that the government threw out there at some point."
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "You can never be too intelligent.  You just can't act like a superior ass."
 "A cat.  Does she actually like me or does she just see me as a source of food?  I've seen the one study that claims its for food but I need to hear it from her."
 "I fully agree with you. Mind numbing work isn't fun, and everyone should aspire to go far above and beyond a job like that into a meaningful career. I moved into the IT field from where I used to be and I wouldn't go back even for a raise.  I guess my point was that it's the absolute minimum, because it's (largely) unskilled labor. Give it a few years and that job could be replaced with a Roomba.  This of course doesn't apply to everyone or every company, but I personally feel that my \"minimum\" lifestyle is achievable at the minimum wage. We can't let people starve, but they don't really *need* to be able to afford large apartments to themselves and bigscreen TVs when they can live comfortably with others (also likely in similar financial situations at low level jobs) while buying a TV at Goodwill for a buck (was dropping things off there yesterday, 30+\" CRTs are only $1). Even a working car can be found on craigslist for under $1000 if you're careful. It won't be pretty, but it's enough to get by.  This is just my relatively unpopular and rarely voiced opinion, but a minimum is pretty much only there to get you by. I will say that some of my feelings on this come from me being pretty handy -- I would buy things that needed work for cheap and use them for as long as possible. I understand that many aren't comfortable buying used or less-nice things because they can't fix them if anything happens. I still try to remain as objective as possible but no one can experience minimum-wage living from every angle so I'm likely not considering all possibilities, such as a low paying job while supporting a family.  Edit: Hey, thanks for the gold! Was not expecting that. I'll be sure to pay it forward in the future!"
 "Kind of hard now that they can't smoke indoors, as they line the streets. Walking into town isan exercise in figuring out when I can take a breath and how long I need to hold it for to get past each smoker without taking in a lung full of smoke. There is literally someone smoking every 5 metres."
 "r/thisiswhenicame  I'm a mod, you post porn and the time in the video of when you came. It's a work in progress.   Please come and post after you came. "
 "Probably posted already but women who think sex is a prize you have to win or earn from them. Like its something they're doing for YOU and if you haven't met some expectation they hold it over you like a carrot in front of a donkey. Sex is mutually beneficial and part of a healthy relationship. It's not a reward for good behavior."
 "Well Black Swan was pretty epic you have to say..."
 "And then measures from as far back they can manage to get that extra half an inch or 2, and then still round up again lol.  Not realizing girth is just as if not more important. And then even more important is how you work it.  It's not how deep you can fish but how you wiggle your worm. "
 "I'm actually just sitting here wondering if you're serious. "
 "Damn that's a long line"
 "That."
 "My father's dog LOVES to show off. Whenever you go into the house, she will grab one of her toys and parade around you as you tell her how magnificent she is. This goes on for a long time, and will repeat throughout the day whenever you enter a room that she's in."
 "Ever heard of Joggers nipple? Google that shit."
 "The day after Obama won in '08: Black Man Given Nation's Worst Job  After the James McGreevey scandal broke: Homosexual Tearfully Admits to Being Governor of New Jersey  The second one in particular still slays me."
 "Damn..."
 "Once during an assembly in middle school when all the students were about to sit down I pulled the chair away from my friend who was sitting in front of me. I thought he would fall, we would laugh, it would be fun and harmless. But as he fell he hit the back of his head on the corner of the chair, which was wooden btw. Thankfully he wasn't paralyzed or anything and he just got up a bit embarrassed and sat down. But for that split second when I realized that he was going to his head I was so scared and full of so much fear and regret for what I had done. I can't even imagine if I had paralyze him..."
 "Don Cheadle spurs genocide in Rwanda to make best selling movie Hotel Rwanda"
 "Maybe ask him? I'm not that guy, so I have no idea. "
 "Gesundheit!"
 "and his mom!  (God put a patch of crazy where her googoo should be)"
 "I personally like Sprint the best because of their unlimited data, but their coverage can be very slow/spotty."
 "Last time I checked my bank account, it said I cannot afford to start a family. So im going to go with, no, these people (im one of these people) probably shouldnt start trying to have a family if their bank account, no matter their job, says they cannot afford to.  "
 " so they just made up supply and demand as an excuse?  the OP didn't ask about supply and demand.  he asked about attitudes. he's asking a moral question, not an economic question, but most of the top voted posts in this thread are all economic explanations that essentially equate to \"because we CAN pay people that little\"...  OP didn't ask WHY people get paid that little. He asked essentially \"why do people feel that that's OK to do?\""
 "The computer is a one time cost sink, and you can get a laptop for a couple hundred bucks that does everything you need.  Don't know what to tell you if you live in a place that has no free wifi."
 "A cute single nyphomaniac cheerleader."
 " he was about 1.7 m (57) tall, above average height for the period.  for the lazy."
 "Meth is one hell of a drug. "
 "Wouldn't it make sense for the gov to subsidize the difference between a \"living wage\" minimum wage and the natural market price down to some reasonable number? It'd be great -- I could hire people to do useful admin work if that were the case.  Right now, I can't afford local employees, so I pay a contractor outside the country to do this stuff. It's mathematically impossible for me to hire a local person in my state, for exactly the reasons you mention above."
 "Except for her penis."
 "Second this. Or Richard Feynman"
 "My mother is afraid of spiders, she also happens to have a shoulder injury that causes her a lot of pain. I put a fake spider on her shoulder, she glanced over at it, screamed, jumped, then yelled out in pain because she jerked her arm. Brought her to tears. I felt pretty bad about that one. This happened 2 days ago."
 "I'm cringing."
 "I worked with a Spaniard for a few years when I was still a terrified little high school girl. Talking to him made me feel like I was being molested because I was painfully shy and he always stood too close. He would literally be able to touch me with his elbow if he brought his bent arm up in front of him. I knew, even then, that cultural differences meant his personal space bubble was abut 1/2 the size of my bubble, but it was still deeply disturbing to my fragile-flower psyche."
 "I gotta admit, I wish I could do that."
 "I called my mate once when he was standing a foot to my right, that was a pretty close call I guess. "
 "Do all teenagers who want a summer job need a \"livable\" wage? Some who support themselves do,but most live at home and arent skilled workers dont deserve 15 wn hour"
 "I don't disagree with the idea that these jobs are not taxing on mental ability but I think that it is a problematic belief.  Most people working at McDonalds or really any minimum wage job are not doing it because it was their goal in life or even close to the peak of their abilities.    To be honest its more of a wider reaching problem than that minimum wage is too low, all of our wage scale is a bit unhealthy, CEO pay is almost uncompetitively high, the added burden of under paid workers is an unnecessary stress on our social welfare programs, raises taxes for employers and workers while not improving living conditions, Average income has either stagnated or dropped in many fields and areas for almost three decades, and a magnitude of other less direct problems like the devaluation of a college and HS degree.   Do I know if raising the minimum wage is the correct answer? No and yes, no I do not think that it is a complete solution, yes I do think that its past due anyway, and should be updated more regularly to reflect changes in cost of living and purchasing power parity."
 "I'll start with one of mine, because sadly there are a few.  A girl I was friends with was getting rid of some posters so I ended up with a huge poster of Katy Perry. She thought it'd be funny to hang it above my bed so she'd be watching me sleep (funnier to 14-year-old us)  Fast forward 2 years. I'm dating a girl and she comes over for the first time. We lay in my bed, and she notices a half-naked Katy Perry hovering above us. She gets *jealous* and demands i take it down. After explaining that its been there for years and I barely notice it, she stands up on the bed and tears it right in half. She smiles at me, and I am dumbfounded.  I told her the next day I couldn't go out with someone who was going to be jealous of a poster.  TL;DR: Girl got jealous of Katy Perry poster i had, tore it in half, and I broke up with her shortly after. "
 "Maybe it's something like \"I could care less...if I actually cared at all, which I don't\"."
 "He's a real asshole for trying to prank OP.  edit: I was trying to make a shit pun, which obviously didn't get through"
 "Failure to understand how \"airlock\" doors are supposed to work, especially those of restaurants, on a cold day.  The point of these doors is that you go through one set, *let them close behind you*, and *only then* open the other door.   Way too often I see people  \"courteously\" hold the doors open, freezing the people at the tables nearest the door.  Yes, this means that if you have a large group, or there are people coming the other way, you may need to wait 20 seconds or so!"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Picked up this girl, who I was already on the fence about, but I figured Id give her a little more hanging out time. So she gets in my car, and immediately pulls out a blood testing strip and meter and checks her blood sugar in my car, Obviously this is something she needs to do but WTF do it before I get there, and then she takes her bleeding finger and sticks it in her mouth and lets out an evil, evil laugh,  That was the end of that. Effing creepy."
 "Gay people...."
 "I'm doing an internship at NASA and making $15/hr. That's after 3 and a half years of working my ass off studying computer engineering at a decent school. I spend upwards of 70+ hours a week either in class or working on schoolwork/projects. But yeah someone flipping burgers totally deserves the same wage."
 "Whoa whoa whoa you are blowing my mind right now"
 "If they had made the original The Last Airbender it woulda been great by itself."
 "Thanks for answering. You're right, long term separation is weird or more correctly, unusual. Maybe 1 in 1000 (out my ass statistics ) marriages end in long term separation but it does happen and people have their reasons for it. One thing is for sure, there are no two marriages alike or that follow the same path or even the same rules. Whatever it's not MY life."
 "Decline an invitation is a good thing that way they know how much food they should get, saying yes but not showing up is an asshole move. "
 "Food preparation  And yet, it's now turning out to be cheaper to raise chickens in the US, send them to China for packaging and processing, and ship them "Or take high school economics."
 "Son, I shall tell you the tale of Batman Toes.  The girl I dated immediately before my wife: she was pretty damned cool. Attractive, smart, had various exciting ambitions. Seemed like this could have been a good one.  Our first night after smashing our junk together, all seemed right with the world. She lay in bed next to me sleeping, I lay staring at the ceiling with satisfaction.   Then, as I look to the foot of the bed, I notice something that I can only best describe as Batman sneaking up under the covers. If this is hard for you to imagine, think of a bed sheet draped over his headgear.  I'm slightly frightened, but mostly curious in what way she must be contorted to produce such an effect. I shrug it off and fall asleep.  The next morning, she gets up early and makes breakfast. I was quite delicious. Then, I notice a very strange clicking type noise. I couldn't figure out where it was coming from. I finally notice it's following her as she walks around the kitchen in her bare feet.  Then, then I see.  I see what has brought itself into my house.  As I examine what God has given her to stand on for the rest of her life, I notice that not all the little piggies seem to be agreeing with each other.  Big toe? hmm... seems fine.  Next? check.  Middle toe? Couldn't be more normal.  4th wheel? Coming up roses.  Pinkie-..... wha.... what is ... what *IS* that?!  Her pinkie toes, both feet, were LONGER than her big toes. Think of RoboCop 2's feet... things getting out like they evolved to warn her of things in her path.  I began to imagine a future of fucked-up-toe'd little children running around the house, tapping their way through worn out socks...  *NOT ON MY WATCH, MOTHER FUCKER*   Never called her back.  This story also falls under the most douchebaggity thing I've ever done. If I could contact her (can't even remember her name), I'd call and apologize for my actions.   Batman Toes girl, *if you're out there*, I truly apologize. Pinkie swear.   "
 "*#*hater"
 "Some people point out the mistakes in other people to shield theirs."
 "I prefer grabbing the hand but not the usual \"handshake grip\". The \"arm wrestling grip\" is more secure than the \"handshake grip\" and it's far superior in helping the person up."
 "Oh please don't tell me that God uses Hotmail "
 "Loyal funny hot"
 "Routine is very important. You make a great point. Especially as a parent. If eating and bathtime with winding down activities is more like lord of the flies, that is why it's harder to get your kid to sleep regularly. Even infants but most people act like it's a mystery."
 "I'd say the [Kenny skit was the funniest thing I've seen on MadTV."
 "My brother and I were waiting in a line for what seemed like two hours for a haunted house at Kennywood during their Halloween event. When we finally got in we realized that we waited two hours to have people scream in our face. The worst part of that night is when my dad spent about $3.00 on a soda and they gave him a cup full of fizz with a little bit of soda on the bottom. That night was not as fun as I expected it to be."
 "Is this your way of asking for sex?"
 "Sounds like a great guy!"
 "Fuck them fake bitches!!!"
 "Was hat hier passiert?"
 "whew! average!"
 "Credit where credit is due. This equal parts brilliance + vengeance = pure genius. "
 "I feel that no one's ever going to see this, but I was in a very dark place this New Year's Eve, and seeing all this turned me around. Thank you for sharing these.   Edit: I accidentally a word.  Edit #2: You guys really got to me today. :)"
 "\"Monster Truck Hunted Down by Torch-Wielding Regular Trucks\""
 "but why?"
 "By that standard, Nascar is a sport, too"
 "I'd say it's about 25% blood and 75% clots of varying sizes"
 "How many hours a week does he work? It's an unfair comparison to say someone makes 85k a year, and then compare that to someone making 50k, if the person making 85 works 60 hours a week including nights/weekends, but the guy making 50 is only putting in 9-5 MF."
 "I like you. What a nice and positive way to put it. Happy New Year!"
 "No matter how many people believe something it doesn't change the fact that it is kind of gay.   Wanting a penis, real or fake, inside your anus if you are a man makes you gay. It is my opinion that it is a homosexual act because it simulates a dick. "
 "Order food wrong. People assume the cashier know exactly what they want. What size? What drink? Everything on it? It's easier if they just stated exactly what they want so they don't have to play the question/answer game. "
 "Yes, and most of them are already married."
 "You can't under use drugs!"
 "Yeah his mom was awesome, she cracked me the hell up with that accident !"
 "Vagina"
 "Fucking tagpro. Such an amazing game. Go Probots baby! We're definitely taking this next season of MLTP"
 "Just watch it from the first episode. The first season sets up a lot of the story.  Its just awkward in the beginning. "
 "I doubt my post will get any visibility 7 hours after the fact, but I like contributing to economic discussion too much to forgo it.  I saw already a couple of major points to the opposition:  simple SD economics, and what exactly is a \"living wage?\"  One i'd like to add is:  the unintended consequences to political policy, and why a minimum wage may contain those consequences.  Unintended consequences are, self-evident by name, bad things that happen that we didn't see coming.  Raising the minimum wage (more than slightly) to, say, 15$/hr, would have unintended consequences.  It would result in higher unemployment (businesses forgoing the hiring of more workers, perhaps even laying off people because they want to maintain profits, or literally can't afford a marginal worker) and a readjustment in the types of jobs demanded.  So, say I went to uni to be an IT guy, and figure maybe starting, I get 14-16$/hr.  I don't want to diminish the work of, say, a Walmart worker, or someone who works at a restaurant, but I would say the IT job takes a degree of knowledge, and ability that the average man doesn't quite have, as opposed to the mentioned jobs.  When you set the lowest possible wage to at or around the same wage of the IT worker, he is more likely to take up the easier job, in his own self interest.  This applies to all sectors:  you've effectively put a monetary incentive on the easier jobs.  It probably wouldn't be a massacre \"everyone goes for the easier jobs,\" but it's an effect i'm sure you'd see. "
 "Lets just get to the root of the issue: fat people. Ban fat people. At the very least, seat them out of sight in the restaurants. Nothing ruins the appetite like watching farm animals feed."
 "I'm smiling at the thought of someone saying, \"I need to hear it from you!\"  Edit: to a cat"
 " It would be unfair if the mother of three were paid more than the teenager for the exact same job, wouldn't you agree?   I would have to say that I would not agree with that.  And i'm positive 16 year old me, working for min wage, would agree. "
 "When I was five, my grandparents dared me to jump off the top of a 4-story houseboat as a light-hearted joke.  I was pretty cautious and quiet so they figured I wouldn't do it. I pondered for a moment, looked my grandpa in the eye and said, \"well I gotta do it sometime\" and jumped off the balcony. I think they shit their pants, but it was pretty cute. "
 "Hey! What about us blonde men out there who can't grow beards!  I feel like I'm missing out on something big..."
 "Have you even **been** on Reddit lately? This site is all about people needing a $15/hr minimum wage to support their entire family.   "
 "It's called Mostly Autobiographical. It's a collection of funny short stories. It's only a dollar. Do it!"
 "Already posted. Check the other comments."
 "I respectfully disagree. Not that I think it's especially good, just that I have definitely gotten laid during it on different viewings."
 "\"Enjoy yourself, bitches!\""
 "They even got this wrong in Back to the Future. "
 "( _)  ( _)-  (_)  Passion of the Christ  *tips fedora, strokes neckbeard* "
 "Twilight: Breaking Dawn of the Dead"
 "Min wage is pointless if we allow products made with sub-min wage in from outside. It just pushes the jobs outside the areas that have min wage. "
 "Oops, 10pm till 6am. No idea what I was thinking when I typed that. At least I know someone read it."
 "That's not a movie. That's an abomination"
 "I feel like mine does it because she has too much energy.  When she gets tired of chasing her foster brother around the house (or more like he gets tired of her antics) she'll focus on her toys or herself."
 "because our \"awful\" for health care system yields better results than your single payer system.  Oh yeah? How so?"
 "a sloth. he would be a sleep most of the time so i could get some peace and quiet"
 "I do this and it works. I feel bad for doing it but worth it."
 "* *cough cough* * mother 3 * * cough cough * *"
 "Some similarities with another great one, \"[Studies Reveal: Babies are "Tarantula."
 "Workout"
 "*choking back tears*"
 "Then train monkeys to do it and increase profits by millions. If that doesn't work (which it won't. Monkeys are disgusting animals.) then it's time to realize that the people making you worth billions are actually worth something."
 "[Toilet paper goes NOT "Declining an invite does not make you an asshole.  Saying you will show up and then not showing up kind of makes you an asshole.  But completely ignoring an invite without a response makes you the biggest asshole of all."
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Money doesn't buy happiness. Money buys crazy ass happiness. "
 "Flight of the Conchords."
 "I have a 2000 micra with manual windows, no central locking and manual wing mirror adjustment.  "
 "I think the reason it's not cheaper for many people is based on the following reasons:  1) Not planning adequately  2) Wasted food  3) Not having a fully stocked kitchen  So, if you have to buy every ingredient for every dish every time you want to cook, it gets expensive. I cook for myself and my partner, and we *also* spend about $125 on groceries a week. But I plan out meals carefully and if one dish requires something like half a head of cabbage, I will find another dish to cook that week to use the rest of the cabbage. A lot of people just cook randomly and throw out 1/3 of what they cook, plus tons of unused ingredients, and shit ends up being pretty expensive."
 "Please just read and sign the [terms and "I see what you did there"
 "Dolphins."
 "I don't know a ton about economics(I took a semester on it in high school and an intro class in college). But in short it is because those people are basically assholes. I have a vauge understanding that the jobs are simply not \"worth\" paying more. But it all really boils down to people who simply don't have any concern for the well-being of others."
 "Saving money is pretty much worth it even if you aren't buying anything. If you know there is money in the bank, you don't stress out wondering if your next cheque will bounce. A stress free year financially sounds pretty nice to me. "
 "Being totally invisible and awkward. "
 " Definitely. In this example, almost nobody pays workers what value they bring.   Of course they don't because if they did they wouldn't be making any money themself.  If you think it's exploitative that a company pays you less than what you bring in, go start your own business.  My wife did exactly that 2 years ago with almost zero start up capital and had nearly $125k in sales in the year ending today. "
 "Oh"
 "Being a immature little fuck does NOT keep you in a relationship"
 "I would love to hear the context of this."
 "\"Yea grandma, that's how everyone googles.\""
 "\"I know you want it\". Try using that defense in court, asshole. "
 "/r/notfoolinganybody"
 "Mandarin - Kung Fu movies "
 "I would beep the shit out of her. "
 "Waiting for the monorail to get out of Didney Worl. 3 hours in a crowd of hundreds of sweaty morbidly obese humans. Couldn't even breathe, it was so crowded. I think I lost consciousness at some point."
 "Knives and A good set of tongs. Seriously the best. After 8 years, they are still so awesome. "
 "I worked in high school at a grocery store with a lot of high schoolers who are still working there--\"lifers\". Even when I worked there I knew they would be there, or somewhere comparable, for the rest of their lives. I didn't know anything about most people's backgrounds, except a couple friends there, but the lifers were obvious. They were the people who didn't show up for work, and when they did, showed up late. They were the ones who avoided doing any work, smoked weed on their breaks, and smarted off to our boss. Those same mentalities are why they didn't do well in high school, never went to college, and are stuck at a grocery store for the rest of their lives.  Not everyone working these jobs is lazy. But it doesn't take a 150 IQ to get a B average in high school, which is enough to get into any state school, and with in-state tuition and working part-time during the year and full-time during the summer for minimum wage, you can get out of college with very little debt in a degree you can get a job in. It's definitely easier if your parents have money, but almost anyone can do it, if they have a strong work ethic and don't just blow off high school."
 "Roundabouts"
 "but OP didn't ask about the math.  he asked about the attitude.  yes, the math and supply/demand dictate \"we pay people as little as we can to maximize profits and because they'll still work for that little\" -- but OP didn't ask that question.  OP asked, perhaps not worded as directly: \"why do people feel that it's morally acceptable to pay people so little that even working 40-50 hour weeks they can't possibly afford basic needs?\""
 "Somebody told me how they had a squirrel running up on one leg and a squirrel with two nuts running down the other leg."
 "Except the lowered taxes are almost always lowered much more for the rich and the poor are just left without proper schools and assistance..."
 "Ying yang twins have been instructing me twerk something and put to put some yang in my thang for a solid decade. This isn't new and it isn't going anywhere."
 "There is nothing in that link that proves anything. Literally! "
 "How do I know if I have the high score then?"
 "Everyone over 21 would have access to it like peoples brothers and sisters and friends of the kids, people in my town see no harm in buying it for kids which is horrible"
 "Not trying to defend anyone here, but the entire point of the Christian religion, is that you go through life to prove you are either worthy to go to heaven or burn in hell, you prove this through your actions, which are of course affected by the hardships in your life.  It would make no sense for a god to intervein, because then you wouldn't be able to prove what you're made of. If you're a Christian you believe you have to face a tough life to earn a place in heaven."
 "Human centipede 2"
 "Drive by body pierce."
 "Was it really that bad? I picture something like Miley Cyrus"
 "Mine cryptocurrency."
 "\"Damn, that nigga ain't got shit. I aint no hoe, but I expect some kind of lovin', you know bitch?\"  - To Kill a Mockingbird"
 "[Supreme Court Overturns "I'm up all night to get lucky. "
 "You English good."
 "Easy problem. * shots both * "
 "I've been trying to find the article about it but the company said they want a realistic medieval rpg with no magical or fantasy elements.  Was out tasting wine, the game is called \"Kingdom Come: Deliverance\"  Edit:  "Apply directly to the foreplay."
 "And downvote the ones that are unpopular."
 "Welcome to economics.  Where it's primary objective is to justify increasing concentration of wealth amongst the already wealthy."
 "She probably donated them. I've run into people who buy 2-3 times the school supplies they need to donate them to poorer children."
 "McDonalds sells a 5 cent cup of soda for over a dollar, and a potato or two's worth of french fries for 1-3 dollars as well. Razor thin, my ass. Maybe on some things but certainly not everything."
 "She took a shit in the sink."
 "ouch for her! but that is adorable!"
 "But does it make me an ass in the sense that I just rather not do things with some people even if I'm invited?"
 "My inner 12 year old can't resist..... **SHARINGAN**"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "I hate feeling someone's warmth on me. Either it being their breath, or just their body heat radiating off of them, it makes me go into a panic attack. I wish there was no social pressure for me to be polite to others. Or if I didn't feel uncomfortable in social situations to tell someone to back the fuck off."
 "I just can't seem to get into those books, the writing is horrible."
 "I always find it funny when people say I'm a good cook after making one of my, on average, 2 dishes for the year. I'm like, no, I just googled some shit and followed the directions."
 "I stand corrected"
 "\"There goes the neighborhood\". (Rodney Dangerfield)"
 "Three Days?! That's either amazing or *horrible!*"
 "What it seems like they are saying, however, is that because they made some big mistakes they shouldn't be afforded an option or a path to get out of it and better themselves.  Seriously, who the hell is saying that?  being forced into a shitty minimum wage job and deciding wether to feed their children or have heat this week.  If you work minimum wage and you have a child then you're eligible for food benefits. Plus, there's food banks, volunteer programs, and church food drives. Schools provide subsidized or free lunches to poor children. If you ~~have a job~~ live in America then you're not starving.   My major issue with the \"paying consequences\" theory is that you are now saying that their children should have to pay for their parents mistakes as well, which is in no way fair or even excusable.  Absolutely not. Like you said, one major reason that people get into this mess in the first place is because of their childhood. Children should have all of their basic needs provided for; shelter, clothing, education, food, etc. And for the most part we already provide that.   But we weren't talking about the children, we were talking about the parents. The parents should have opportunities to better themselves and they still do. But if they decided to have kids before they got **any** valuable job skills then they shouldn't be surprised if they're poor after they have kids. "
 "Its insanely hard to find a job with out a phone or the internet. I mean lets say you don't have at least on of those and I want to hire you. How the Fuck am I going to get a hold of you?"
 "Brian Mulroney was a good Prime Minister of Canada. "
 " Education and the lack there of is the resovoir of most poor peoples issues.  Oh, the irony.  "
 "HOW DO YOU PAY IT FORWARD?!?"
 "Maybe we just need to use more of the one we have       #followyourdreams"
 "omg. Kennry Rogers and Jackass! I didn't know about this one"
 "umm...I take them completely off anyways. My shirt too. Only really leave my socks on. Unless I'm at home, then the socks come off too."
 "Not at all. I wouldn't call ~50% Market share (US) a niche. Smart Watches, The Walking Dead, Fiats, My fit foods... These are niche products for niche markets...  Many apps on the app store are niche products, but the device and operating system? Not at all.  Now a device with a 40 megapixel camera, or intentionally loose controls on 3rd party code execution.. those are niche products.    "
 "Withhold tax on dividends at the top marginal rate. Keep a really close eye on related party transactions. The biggest problem is that it gives the opportunity to defer tax indefinitely. Something I am not sure how to fix.    "
 "Golfing mother daughter team that can't keep it in their respective pants."
 "There's a first time for everything"
 "I had a situation like this happen to me, my mother collected pine cones and brought them home. I woke up to them being all over everything, apparently they like nesting in them. I've had a phobia of pine cones and earwigs ever since."
 "Greek. My girlfriend absolutely loves Greece and can speak Greek pretty well and it would make her happy."
 "I call bullshit. How many of these people do you know, and where are they working? If anything I bet they are working in super rich areas. I also bet they are the boss, not the guy actually foaming pipes."
 "Paparazzi. Aka stalking celebrities. Like look at this video: How is this not illegal? I can't imagine being stalked everywhere I go. "
 "Not a gif, not even a jif. That's called YouTube."
 "I have NO idea.  You have stumped me.  Next question!"
 "My Ragdoll cat. To *beg* him not to meow so fucking much. And while I'm at it, politely ask him to spew on the tiles instead of the carpet."
 "Sometimes when he uses his hind feet/claws to scratch the left side of his body he'll stick his tongue out over and over like he's licking air."
 "Dat wording"
 "Friend introduced me to Reddit late October this year, and i'm glad i found it. I've managed to hear some great stories and get quite a few laughs from this site."
 "comment to save "
 "Self taken pictures? Sorry dude, I don't think that's going to happen anytime soon. "
 "I'd give up the ability to spread my toes for ...Five Pointed Palm Exploding Heart Technique."
 "And on a related note, if you're going above the speed limit slow down."
 "I know what *really* happens to your money when you invest with large mutual funds like JP Morgan, T.Rowe , or Vanguard. "
 "As swimmer: people have a hard time breathing."
 "Basically mine is simple but hard to reach. Someone with full common sense and intelligent enough to have a meaningful conversation with."
 "Go on..."
 "A shift in the income level shifts the demand. You start getting much more fun mathematical models with the substitution effect and income effect at this point. "
 "I said I was going to work out more and I did. Suck mah ballz 2013."
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Depends on what phone you want. Verizon and Att push Galaxy S4s with a locked boot loader. Jerks. "
 "But it's great here&lt;3 stay.. stay with us"
 "He'd probably tried to figure out how the computer worked before he got to answering questions in an AMA session."
 "Drummer in a band checking in. Join a band, dude! There's nothing better than being able to jam with other people."
 "A sloth because, well..."
 "my two reasons, with 5 sources each to back them up "
 "Then I'm honestly surprised with your point of view. I wholeheartedly disagree with you."
 "I don't necessarily disagree but the problem with your argument is that the jobs meant to support a family simply **no longer exist**.  Time was anybody who had a decent work ethic but didn't necessarily have a mind for higher education could go work at the car plant or other factory.  Now that those plants are gone (or more likely, automated), there's nowhere for these people to go."
 "That's your own choice if you don't feel like going. You will not be considered an asshole,at least in my eyes."
 "The trick is to stand directly in front of the door/doors so that as soon as they open, you are imposingly blocking as much of the elevator as you can.   I discovered a similar kind of thing to getting long rows of people to move over on the sidewalk. Say there's like 3 large people walking abreast on the sidewalk and instead of queuing up to pass, you, they want you to walk in the grass or street in order to get around them. Stop walking. Just stand there. They will figure out how to get around you. I do it mainly because I gain a certain amount of satisfaction from it, not because it necessarily gets me anywhere faster."
 "I see your point and respectfully withdraw from the arguement."
 "My feels totes agree with you "
 "Yes. And it's also true that some men are terrible at fondling breasts."
 "\"Better choices\" like choosing to be born into a family who can afford to pay for tuition.   It's good for you that you were lucky enough to get a house by the time you were 20 purely by hard work. Most people aren't that lucky. Do you think poor people don't work hard? "
 "oh ok nvm "
 "Most people on both sides are already familiar with this argument and disagree about which option (#1 vs #2) is better, just like Mr. Young mentioned.  It's also worth mentioning that the more heavily labor supply exceeds the demand for labor, the more the split of surplus will favor employers, increasing the chance of #1 happening over #2. More excess labor = it's more likely that a minimum wage increase will \"work.\""
 "Oh hush.  And it's not like I can cuddle by my self, can I?"
 "My dad (54) is deaf in his left ear, so he watches your mouth more when you talk than anything if your not on his right side. It doesn't bother me at all.  Sometimes he'll kind of zone out and I've caught myself saying \"daddy look at me when I'm talking!\" it makes me feel old lol.  "
 "Ay nigga wassup homie"
 "Because Capitalism.  The underlying purpose of all business/economy is to earn money; to maximize profit and minimize costs.  Wages are set at whatever point provides the most value per dollar.  That's just how business works.  Unless paying employees more money results in proportionally higher profits, there's no reason to raise wages.  There's usually a more effective way of investing those profits to generate more profits or maintain a competitive advantage in the marketplace."
 "Well that's a extremist view on a topic with many layers."
 "There was this one time, I had to stay the night a my Jehovah's Witness Grandparents. We had to go to bed at 9pm. It was pretty wild."
 "It's a little disingenuous to say that slavery was not one of the main reasons for the Civil War. Yes, it was one of many issues but it still was a significant contributing factor and several of the other factors involved (state's rights, economic differences, etc.) were all uniquely entwined with slavery."
 "Not sure how CO is doing it but WA has decided that anyone convicted in the past is unable to obtain a license for either (I think, need to read more).   In regards to the question I think it will depend on where the licensed shops open and where the dealers are.  Lots of mountain towns in CO that will probably not get any legal sellers and will either travel or keep using the same people they always have.  Now there are different laws they can be arrested for that will generally be the same offense just worded differently.  IF the courts can prove they were selling as opposed to holding.  But I am no lawyer so all thoughts are meer speculation."
 "Star Trek. I don't really care about the whole bold new frontiers thing, I just want a Replicator and a Holodeck."
 "This is one thing I hardly ever have to worry about. Being a big person no one enters until I leave. You can try, but humans have yet to learn how to phase through things."
 "To live in hearts we leave behind is not to die. ~Thomas Cambell"
 "Anime: by Boa from Serial Experiments Lain.  TV: Spongebob Squarepants. "
 "Truly. Then again I don't think this thread or Reddit is reached by many fraternity men in the south. Anyways this is more consistent with older, larger and more conservative fraternities particularly in the South."
 "Because ebooks aren't as good as normal books (something about paper fetish)  And pirating video games is easy to track, for example a Call of Duty game, got online interactions n shit"
 "Like how common of a thing is this, really? Just don't click the links and it'll be fine."
 "Gay men enjoy sex most of all!"
 "The entire [female cast of "See, you're still talking about working on the car, I'm talking about establishing a right to free transportation."
 "I've heard baby rabbits squeak like a dog toy. "
 "I used to work for multiple Targets in the NY metropolitan area since I floated around as a Pharmacy intern.  However I have worked the registers too.  Multiple GSTLs and TLs have specified that they want the items to be rung up individually as certain items look very similar, but have very different pricing.  E.g. Canned veggies, Creamed corn may be $0.69 a can, but peas are $1.19 a can - so the store would be losing $0.50 a can if you just assume all are Creamed corn vs other products.  This also makes it harder to keep track of store inventory as you would have scanned in X cans of creamed corn vs Y cans that you actually sold.  Leading to incorrect inventory of both products.  That's why I've been told not to use the quantity option and go with scanning each item."
 "I'm a big fan of House Mormont. Not entirely sure why other than Jorah was one of my favorite characters in the first book and the Old Bear was a complete and total badass. *Put a knife in my back? Fuck it, I'll crush your throat with my bare hands.*"
 "Omg fuck off"
 "To banish stretch marks and cellulite from this Earth."
 "Even if I could not go I would want it to be real. I will then seek out a wizard husband. "
 you're right... I guess you just see it more often in the south/west. "
 "I realized a long time ago that if I keep myself healthy eating and good exercise most of the year, I don't feel guilty about the \"cheats\" when I go in vacations or over a holiday. Makes the indulging much sweeter."
 "Some guy removed his own nipples."
 "[The Abercrombie "coughing as well"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "You could not pay me enough money in the world to live in America. The attitude of some Americans disgust me. The greed, the lack of compassion, the heartlessness... let the poor rot, who cares about them, it's their fault they're poor, they DID this to THEMSELVES. What problem is it of MINE? You have no soul. You worship the fucking $$ and nothing else.  Fuck the poor girl at Walmart who has been on her feet for 18 hours straight at the cash register during the black friday sales.  Who cares about the 50 year old woman who lost her office job and now works in Walmart earning a fraction of what she did before? In fact let's just make the Hunger Games a reality. Put all the poor people in an arena and the winner can go home with all the money they need after they kill each other for the entertainment of the rich. "
 "Start by making a beginning and an ending, then everything in-between will be much easier."
 "Because she is so hott and always trying to sleep with me but I have a girl"
 "Yes I'm definitely a people^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^-hating person."
 "Seriously?  I actually really liked that movie in theaters"
 "I respond that way and I don't smoke either haha"
 "You can use any kind of soap as shaving cream. You can use toothpaste as shaving cream. Kinda burns though. "
 "It happens to be our race.   We got here due to some impressive flukes, did some neat stuff, and the earth'll see us out when the time is right like it did in prior era's.  We'll have existed in a geological droplet of time."
 "My family uses Firefox and doesn't have chrome installed. Their default is bing, and I type Google in to get to gmail."
 "It's a made-up language. Tolkien Elvish.    Real: Welsh. Apparently it's the language that heavily influenced Elvish.    "
 "The classic case study is apprenticeships. In IT it's almost impossible to land a professional job without qualifications. It's hard in itself to land an IT job with all the required qualifications and some experience.   If you have absolutely no qualifications or experience, are so young that you can't function properly as a professional and can't make it unto university the industry couldn't give a shit about you. It's not paying you $100k a year to fuck about and learn IT on the job. However if you're willing to be paid significantly less, study while you work and improve your skills while you work the industry is inclined to employ you. We hire apprentices at $30k - $45k depending on age and they are stuck at that wage for 4 years. It's not enough to live on in this city, but the alternative is they never enter IT and work on a part time basis at the local supermarket. It ends up working out great for the organisation as the presence of low paid workers enables more experienced personnel to be freed up from mundane tasks. If not for the lower pay though, the organisation would rather hire a 30 year old with a degree and 5+ years experience. They'd never hire an uneducated 18 year old."
 "Personal development!"
 "The placebo effect is related to the perceptions and expectations of the patient; if the substance is viewed as helpful, it can heal, but, if it is viewed as harmful, it can cause negative effects, which is known as the nocebo  effect."
 "Slice diagonally, for the love of god."
 "If someone specifically asks me, I tell them.  I get like 10 open Facebook invites a week to things that are blanketed across 100's of people in their friends list, I just don't reply to those unless its a good friend of mine.  "
 "I discovered Reddit this year, love it!"
 "If by hazing you mean shit tons of pointless tasks scattered through the day to ensure you have zero free time and designed to teach time management skills, yup I was hazed.\r\rThe spanking, nudity, drinking and all that other homo bullshit ... nope. The closest thing to alcohol hazing I can remember is when playing drinking games brothers get a handicap like two throws at beer pong if they're playing a pledge. We were considered \"practice\". The only humiliation I can recall was the \"pledge grenade,\" which was just a ping pong ball a brother would throw at a party and the pledges would have to rush and jump on it. I thought it was funny too. \r\rTo be honest, I had more fun as a pledge than I did as a brother. Too many guys in my chapter didn't learn the right lessons when they were pledging and figured that anything resembling work or responsibility that makes a chapter run should be delegated to pledges. It was like pulling teeth to get brothers to do simple things like show up to committee meetings, most were in it just to drink and party, which was disappointing. \r\rI withdrew after two semesters but apparently they are doing alot better now after they started dropping guys who let their grades slide during the pledge process. That really weeded out those who just want to coast along. "
 "\"Win your affection?\" Are you trying to fuck the dad or the daughter?"
 "Apparently when I was around two, I was sitting down eating something and my uncle came up to me to pretend to steal my food, but before he could get close enough I very seriously pointed at him and said \"DON'T even think about it!\" They all got a kick out of that..."
 "Allow me to poop fat. I don't like it anymore. This is enough. I don't care if I have to sit on the toilet for 5 hours, just make me lose that fat. Please.  =   EDIT: Spelling.  EDIT 2: Spelling. FML  ="
 "No, I cannot."
 "This is odd but I think that women drinking from cans is a turn off, it just seems very feral in my books."
 "This might be my favorite"
 "She's got a nice rack."
 "Girls who put on a dumb front. I worked with this one girl who actually spoke \"liek omg you guyz, look how pretty I made this display. LOOK GUYZ! Isn't it sooo pretty? hehe!\" and then she'd proceed to tell us she got an A- in her stats class. Now can you really be dumber than a sack of hammers AND do well in university math classes? The answer will always elude me."
 "Use Your Words "
 "Because I am a guy that wants to know about how women are.."
 "That's only because most states have a minimum wage $0.25-$0.50 above the federal minimum. That drastically increases the number of minimum wage workers"
 "But while you pay off a low interest debt like a student loan, your credit card debt is still accumulating"
 "Passion of the Christ"
 "I'm not arguing in favor of the current system. I'm pointing out that it's not as simple as saying \"businesses are greedy.\""
 "/r/bestof"
 "jobs that do not have a livable wage are just there to take advantage of desperate people. no one else would work a job if they can't even live on it. the whole idea makes no sense. only teens or convicts would work a job they can't live on. on the other hand, 20k a year is definitely livable on. "
 "Shit. Now everyone is looking at me to explain why I'm laughing. "
 "I would say that if you wont care or will be annoyed with the posts in the future, it's not worth liking. An example for me is a page called \"90's kids\" or something like that: even though I liked the page a while ago, I still enjoy seeing nostalgic posts from my childhood. In other words, if it gets boring quickly, it's not worth it"
 "Yeah, I use 2GB's of slow as molasses data and IT'S UNLIMITED BRO!"
 "I worked 12hrs today. Thank You."
 "I did that once, but then she just got upset. Fucking all her friends is not the way to go for every girl you meet..."
 "Depends on the couple. From my experience, I found it very difficult to keep my political opinions in the privacy of my mind while having to listen to an SO go on and on about things I disagree (or know to be inaccurate) with. It took its toll.   Of course, had the person been able to talk politics in more appropriate company or fashion, instead of creating an adversarial situation, it would probably have not been a big deal.  On the flip side, my parents have been married for 36 years and are on opposite sides of the political spectrum--though really, both are very close to the *center*. They share the same moral values, which gives them common ground to build from."
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "I think its all about the norm in society.  You don't hear about people pirating movies and video games that much, but everyone does it for music.  Plus each song is like a buck so you don't feel as dirty doing it, as opposed to pirating a $60 xbox game or a $40 just released movie."
 "I do and it's incredibly easy to keep clean, guys. "
 "You have to remember  all the things you've  done wrong or felt embarrassed  about in the past.  Then when drinking think about control and the good feeling  you'll  have the next morning and being able to remember  everything  you did or said the night before. Don't  get me wrong I've slipped up hard during this but I always come back to maintaining control after a  slip up. "
 "Well damn. You learn something new everyday. "
 "God, we've got plans for two major intersections in my area to be changed from 4-way lights to roundabouts. Never mind the fact that roundabouts are *proven* through years of experience to be more efficient than lights, and the fact that it's a sure thing that it will massively cut down on the traffic around here, you'd think that the plans involved murdering every puppy that passed through the roundabout the way some people talk about them around here. Why be bothered to actually learn how a roundabout works when you can just put up signs bitching about changes you don't like?"
 "Molly Ephraim"
 "You don't want the high score."
 "You died last time you fucking shit, don't drink and drive you fucking asshole. - God"
 "Another factor that comes into a more advanced analysis, and addresses OP's point directly is the question of how hard an employee will be to replace.  If you have adegree in some relatively nuanced field and/or a good deal of experience in that field, it will be very hard to find another employee who brings to the company what you can. The company will pay you accordingly, it might take them months to find or train an adequate replacement so they give you a good deal of money and benefits so you don't feel an impetus to leave.  If you work for Walmart, there is effectively no challenge in finding someone who can do your job as well as you do. That is the reason why minimum wage jobs are designed to be as mindless and menial as possible. The idea isn't for you to be thinking and managing, it is for you to show up and do the same rote routine over and over so that they can ask any random person off the street to do it when you quit. They can employee just about anyone they want so they don't really care if you leave.  These correlate to low and high supply of labor, respectively."
 "ATT"
 "I saw this nerd slap the mouth of an empty beer bottle in such a way as to blow the bottom off.  It didn't shatter, it just popped off a perfect disc of glass.  It took like 30 tries, and toward the end everyone was ridiculing him, which made the climax even better."
 "You wear those stupid shoes don't you?  And think you're smarter than us all, but you still look stupid."
 "At first I thought you meant dancing."
 "I once got into a heated public dispute with my dad because I said \"Thank you\" to the deli lady at the grocery store when we were getting one of those fried chicken platters. It was the most asinine thing ever because he thought I was being rude SOMEHOW.   I can only top it when I was similarly berated by my Mom for thanking her for dinner. SINCERELY thanking her for dinner, mind you, which somehow set off the idea that I was deliberately being a dick.   I live with mentally ill people."
 "IMO he's not horrible, but he isn't the best. There are better rappers. I like Kendrick and ab-soul a lot.   **EDIT**: drake, eminem and two chains are good too"
 "Lol. I'm a senior all right but not in high school!"
 "So you do care a little, otherwise you wouldn't care, but you couldn't care less so you care the minimum. "
 "My response to every answer in this thread - cockward"
 "They're"
 "*presses CNTRL*"
 "Lmaooo!"
 "Are you suggesting we need liquid-cooled balls instead of Air-cooled balls?"
 "[you should probably watch before you insist \"ehh, so you have to search harder. big deal. so you have to work harder. big deal\"....  maybe you don't actually know everything."
 "YES. I lost so much respect for my boss(es) when I realized that they were blindly running a company into the ground...and wouldn't even admit that they needed help"
 "Pawn Star Wars"
 "At the very end of the Miley Cyrus Shortage video (well played, Onion, well played) the announcer says:   \"Coming up, an earthquake wiped out Etchisketchinstan today\"   Gets me every time. "
 "Considering minimum wage in a lot of areas leaves you with negative income monthly, its not steep at all, its impossible."
 "Fuck you! I have made a very good living\"Flipping Burgers\" my whole life.I hate people who trash chefs/cooks and try to put them into the same category as trash collectors and such.FUCK YOU!"
 "I accompanied a friend to the emergency vet who found out that she would have to euthanize her cat who was in respiratory distress. She said she \"couldn't do it\" and planned on leaving the vet and letting them put the cat to sleep after she was gone. I made her wait in the waiting room and went in with the cat to pet it while it died. At the time I felt worse for the cat (obviously), and the vet and vet tech who had to be at work killing cats on their new years eve."
 "Me and my identical twin brother would always tell our mother we weren't which ever one she thought we were just to confuse her."
 "I think he means die-a-ree-a."
 "Same here man. I got excited."
 "My grades were good at school so the only thing I could tell myself would be more brave and ask girls out and don't be down hearted when they say no."
 "Nah, I don't think so. Ignoring the fact that my city doesn't even have public transport, I pay about $200 a month for my car (gas and insurance). This gives me the freedom to go literally anywhere I want literally any time I want without having to rely on anyone else."
 "Your mom."
 "Step 1: Be dumb.   Step 2: Wait for someone to call you out on it.   Step 3: \"Lololol I trolled u!\""
 "German. German sounds so badass and talking about someone behind their back would be fun. But mostly...German chicks."
 "Ah, yes. I remember now. That was interesting."
 "I only have a problem with how OP outright degraded effeminate men. Thats my main issue. Whatever idea of masculinity you're attracted to is fine, I just think OP may have some different ideas than you.   It doesn't make you a bigot if you're not attracted to a certain group of people but it makes you bigoted if you degrade them outwardly as a reason why you're not attracted to them.   "
 "or if it really was just stuffed with cake.  So when she said \"Let them eat cake,\" it must've been a sublime message ;)"
 "[Tony Womo Out Three to Four Weeks with Broken Widdle Fingey]( "Sounds tough, did you learn them all at the same time?"
 "Blackfish."
 "what system?"
 "My eyes are up here. "
 "I went to Alamo Drafthouse to see Catching Fire, ended up seated next to a drunk couple who were talking through the movie. The waiter continued to overserve them alcohol through the movie, to the point where the couple were belligerent. Management didn't do anything about it despite me complaining twice. Afterward they offered me comp tickets and food vouchers, but since I only get to see movies in a theater about once a year, it doesn't do me much good.  tl;dr: Alamo Drafthouse talks a good game but doesn't live up to it."
 "If I could, I would, but this is a friend key and I'm pretty sure he would lost access to beta if I broke my NDA.  :-("
 "Because you were poorly educated and have no idea how to use birth control or can't afford it?"
 "Jobs are commodities.  Supply and demand sets the market price.  Entitlement does not."
 "Yes. Diluted. But the key is that you never stop eating the shit sandwich, so all you can do is try to eat less shit with every bite."
 "landscaper, aka laborer, doesn't at all show what a business owner makes Edit: sorry I didn't specify, by landscaper I meant the guys with years in the business that own their own, clearly a worker won't make that, but the business's I do know, pay their guys about a 120 a day, which is still WAY above minimum wage "
 "THANK YOU!"
 "Whenever I start stomping my lab starts spinning in circles, and blasts off into a random direction with her ears in battle positions. She will run like mad and *crash* against a wall.   It's haricots "
 "Beer, followed by an immense amount of beer."
 "As a woman I was surprised to find that they sort of hang off the front, not in between the legs like my own equipment."
 "Kindness"
 "Not on Netflix, but I think via BitTorrent I just managed to download the Finnish horror christmas movie Rare Exports with English subtitles this time. So I might try that. Or maybe not.  I got a big file a few days ago but it only had German and other language subtitles. So I wouldn't know what was going on."
 "I want to upvote you so many times.  Most of the people that I see raising complaints about minimum wage are talking about FAMILIES not getting enough to live off of minimum wage.  NO SHIT. If you make *minimum wage* then you can't support a spouse and two kids! Some people are just **so** incredibly *entitled*."
 "He already kinda has that, he can regenerate at will. He doesn't cause it would take up a regeneration"
 "We'd see economic turnaround - eventually - but it would be coupled with a cripplingly low birth rate. One dramatically below replacement.  Right now, we're staring down the barrel of what happens when the Baby Boomers retire. What you propose would create something much more dramatic.  What you propose wouldn't just be unpopular. It would be a ticking economic timebomb."
 "As a non American it took me a little while to work out what that meant but the second it hit me I laughed like a fucking idiot for a good while."
 "Honestly? I'm surprised we elected a black president before an Asian or Hispanic."
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "I wish mine wasn't a true story about where I live right now :(."
 "But supermarkets rely on people impulse shopping - in fact a great of retail research focuses on getting you to by something you didn't plan to.    How is the \"bring the frozen pop-tarts to my tent\" model going to facilitate that?"
 "I'll give someone credit for working for 5 years at best buy sure...but there isn't alot of challenge or diversity in that. The OP's point was to get out of retail etc and try something outdoors, rugged, that sort of idea.   I don't think fast food should be a liveable wage, you should not strive to flip burgers and push buttons. Leave the baristas and fast food to people who are working towards higher goals.  The bigger issue is there isn't as much room for those with higher goals because robotics has eliminated alot of detailed manufacturing (cars) or illegals have taken positions at a lower wage without the need for unions (construction).   If 100,000 lawyers come out every year but we only need 1,000 new ones, what do the other 99,000 former students with fancy paper do?  "
 "I help people all the time with their iPhones on basic stuff like this. I've never owned one and the last apple device I had was a 1st gen iPod touch."
 "When my phone battery dies"
 "Tl;dr?"
 "Offer some solutions to this problem, please."
 "Smiling with a full belly. "
 "Basically, you can make a livable wage. You just can't demand where you make your living at if you bring nothing to the table as a worker."
 "Foxy boxing. "
 "What's the future like?"
 "Well no, it's supply and demand. Technically the current minimum wage is already cutting into profits, as it inflates pay rate past what it would be in a free market. It's not entitlement, it's an economic principal. There's a difference "
 "Cate Blanchett and Abbie Cornish.  Also, Benedict Cumberbatch. "
 "I think panoramas look better coming from portrait but sweeping sideways because you get more vertical scenery. "
 "There are a lot of virgins out there"
 "In I am legend when will has to kill his dog..."
 "First of all, /r/outside. Second of all, it's 00:10 UTC, which the UK follows."
 "Indeed."
 "It blows my mind that people here don't realize that phrase is mostly used sarcastically"
 "I read your post.  I was summarizing my own comment."
 "So true"
 "I'd read lots of books, learn to play instruments, get better at drawing and etc until the point in time where I've changed enough things for the better to continue to the next day.  Of course, this all happens after a decade long rape/killing spree. "
 "Why just the leaders?"
 "You're assuming that other jobs that earn less than $22/hr actually involve less work than you're doing now. "
 "When I was little my brother and I use to put pillows under our shirts and be sumo wrestlers. It was awesome!"
 "Get your filthy paws off my silky drawers!"
 "Oh my god. If you add a ridiculous amount of food every Sunday this comment thread just about described my family. "
 "OMG YOU SHOULD TOTALLY POST A STATUS SAYING HES GAY!!!!! THATLL GET HIM REAL GOOD!!!"
 "I did. And repeated in agreeance. Are you implying that you have made some sort of point? I thought this was a light hearted, giggle thread."
 "This one has always spoken to me: Cost Of Living Now Outweighs "You sir said what exactly is in my head but put it into better words thank you very much "
 "Hormones and natural painkillers is not an acceptable answer.  "
 "To be \"fair\", I believe everyone deserves a wage that they could live on as a middle class citizen. On the flip side though, you can't just increase people's wages because they \"deserve it\". I think much of what /u/Scott-H-Young said is a good simplification of the reason this wouldn't work.  There's more to consider too. I've often pondered that if the richest half of people out there had half the money, the rest of us would essentially have double. To a certain degree, I think this is true and needs to happen. The rich need to make a little less, the rest of us a little more but there's a limit to this. Imagine now that the richest person only makes 5x what you do and money is more spread out. Would you be able to buy everything you wanted and live in your favorite neighborhood? Probably not. If wages started to level out too much then prices of goods would also rise (imagine now you have to pay more for all the labor that goes into making something). Competition would suffocate and your options in the world would dwindle and I think naturally wages and market prices would eventually diverge again.  I do think, however, that there is a balance that could be achieved where the \"poor\" still live decent lives, and the rich can enjoy the extravagant lives they crave and sometimes deserve. Still, I think the rich need to be significantly richer than the poor, perhaps something like up to 50x or more so that there's a healthy consumer economy and adequate competition; both in the work field for people to want to move up and for entrepreneurs to want to create new products and services."
 "Of course she's using the job to pay for college.  When college kids are concerned, that's pretty much what jobs are for.  I'd rather hire someone that's working to pay for college than someone who's working to pay for his drug habit.  Why do you assume she isn't interested in helping people, though?  I mean, she's held the same job elsewhere for four years.  You'd think that, if anything, would be indicative of someone willing to do what they're paid to do.  Why do you also assume Chris can be worked with?  He's been fired from two different jobs.  He dropped out of college after only a year.  Sounds a lot like someone who doesn't like to work hard.  Add the misdemeanor on top of that..."
 "Need more people like that in this world"
 "Clinton declares war on illiteracy; France surrenders"
 "Last halloween we bought this kit you can use to make it look like you're tearing someone's arm right out of their socket, blood, bone, shirt and all. It was pretty realistic looking and got a few screams last year so this time we decided to try it in public at the sandwich shop Alex's dad owns, because that place is always nice and crowded. Basically the plan was for the fake hand (manned by Alex) to get stuck in a grinder and he'd trip and the force would tear the whole arm off. I was standing next to Alex and focusing entirely on the crowd when bunch of small kids walked and I knew this was the best shot at big reactions. Without looking, I grabbed what I thought was the fake hand and shoved it into the grinder... but I pulled too hard and prematurely set off the blood without tearing the shirt, making it obvious that the whole thing was a disappointing fake. So there's my armless prank gone horribly wrong."
 "They basically use a hollow needle and pound it into your hip, but like, the back of your hip.   Here's a better "Budweiser + Doritos"
 "Or a poo Princess.  Or a crap countess."
 "Don't give yourself too much credit.  "
 "As someone who does this, I'm not sure why I do it. It just feels...*right*"
 "Roose Bolton cat."
 "My cat Opal likes to be held like a baby while she sleeps. When she gets into it, she starts snoring and purring at the same time. Snurring. "
 "lol OK"
 "Hmm.. this looks like a lot of work.  Oh well. "
 "what is reading comprehension?  "
 "2013?  I'm sure it was champagne.  As far as eating?...no clue."
 "I rarely ever see anything about kardashian or Kanye unless I watch one of those celebrity shows. "
 "13 assassins, badass movie if you don't mind subtitles."
 "When I'm petting my balinese 5yo while he's laying on my chest, and he opens his eyes for a brief instant, reaches out with his soft paw, and gently pets my cheek. His eyes are so expressive. Big blue balls of adoration.  Or when he walks up to me for no reason and bunts me (it's actually a thing). It means they accept you as master and believe they are safe with you. "
 "Thinks too much"
 "They're legal in a couple of states, an usually performed when the child has been identified as having a fatal impairment. Theyshould be legal everywhere, so women don't have to choose between travelling across country at what is already a stressful time, or going through all the risks of childbirth and later pregnancy for a stillbirth."
 "Go to school get a degree sounds easy enough, unless you dont have the means or support network set up to help. Living alone, working to pay the bills and eat leaves little left over for school bills or books, yes you can sometimes get aid and loans to help you out but your still looking at 20k ish in debt. Im working full time and am dieing to go back to school for a degree, but that 20k or so has me stuck. In canada u have 6 months to start paying back the loan when done school. 6 months seems like a long time, but when you think how hard it is now to eat now it makes it hard to take that leap of faith, knowing that within 6 months of finishing school and working full time, am i going to still have it in me to keep working, interview for better jobs and have my finances fliped over in time to start making payments on my loan in time? If i dont then there goes my credit. Sorry dont mean to jump on your post, but it just sounded to simple. Granted depression has me looking at all the downsides to it, but it is a crazy hard thing to do once you are on your own. School is so much easier to do when your young, god why didnt i learn that sooner!  Sorry again for jumping on your post.    Roommates dont work out so well as you age, its a fun youth thing. "
 "I'm a super smeller too.  Is your taste also super sensitive?"
 "No you're being hypercritical. I didn't do anything stupid other than perhaps over state how close I was following the real douche bag in this story. Seriously dude...lighten the fuck up you're coming across like the real tool here.."
 "The Little Red Riding Hangover (keyword: The)"
 "I had a friend in college who had long, gross hair. He fell asleep on our couch one day, and we thought it would be funny to do that thing where you singe the tip of a few of someone's hairs and make it smell really bad. So, my roommate took a tiny amount of this guys hairs and pulled it out, and held a lighter up to it for just the briefest second to get that little \"singe\" going.  The problem is, apparently this guy used MASSIVE amounts of hair spray, so his hair caught on fire. We quickly put it out by hitting him with a couch pillow, which is what woke him up (his hair hadn't been on fire long enough to hurt him fortunately, but also means he didn't wake up).  So basically, instead of singeing the tips of a few of his hairs, we burned half is hair off in a weird, non-symmetrical patch. Also, he was initially just pissed that we hit him with the pillow while he was napping, and didn't seem to understand why we were freaking out. So despite our efforts to inform him and apologize, he didn't see his hair until going to the bathroom.  ...the story doesn't end here.  We had airsoft guns in our house, and he was super pissed, so he grabbed one and shot it at me a bunch of times. I turned my back, but my roommate, who was already facing away, instinctively turned around to see what the commotion was, and got shot in the eye.  So myself and my friend who's hair we half burned off got to take my roommate to the ER. Fortunately, he didn't lose his vision, and my friend didn't have any burns, and I came out looking like the worst offender simply because I was the only one not hurt.   That said, we all instantly grew up quite a bit after that.  **TL; DR - It shouldn't even need to be said, but pranks involving fire are the worst idea**"
 "Very true. The majority of people who run are crazy white people, and Ivy Leaguers."
 "Or she could steer with the back of her head."
 "We do regenerate. "
 "This is how urban dictionary defines Berea (where I'm from) --  Berea is a city in Central Kentucky, United States. Its residents are known for playing soccer, listening to ska, smoking pot. In 2004, the city population was 12,738. Its most prominent institution is Berea College, which owns a substantial percentage of the city's land. It is also one of the fastest growing towns in Kentucky.-\"How do berean's laugh?\" +\"I don't know, how?\" -\"Skaskaskaskaska\"  Edit: you're correct, btw. Just found this post humorous. "
 "I don't use facebook because I simply don't give a shit about other people."
 "She was hot in that movie, but Krysten Ritter was hotter. "
 "I think we understand each other, thanks for the discussion. "
 "Opulence "
 "I would draw a wonderful kitten called Archimedes and go on adventures with it."
 "This actually happened to me.  Girl was giving me a ride in her car and turned to get something out of her purse in the back seat, and in the process caressed my arm with her boobs.    Now, she was a manipulative bitch so I'm very sure it was not a roadsign for sex.  In fact I think she might have been wondering if I was gay and was trying to find out.    Yes I noticed.  I just froze though.  Nothing good could have come of that. "
 "Stupidity."
 "Obviously, saying you will go and then not going is bad. You're effectively lying, and in the worst case you ruin other people's time because they were relying on you for an activity that is no fun with not enough people (and it is too late to organize something last minute).   On the other hand, just saying you will not go is acceptable most of the time, depending on your reason. It somewhat depends on the importance of the occasion. You better have a really good reason for not going to your parents' funeral. But not going to a party because you don't feel like it? No problem. "
 "Get elected to any political position."
 "First off, you have to treat her with respect. Respect is above all else. Then you don't act like a douchebag."
 "High expectations are set by porn, then in \"reality\" the men find most women cannot meet their expectations--cue disappointment."
 "Here's my 2014 advice, I will make it good for your brain and body:  start listening to audibooks and doing walks/jogs or fitness.  Why?  Well, you see moving your body is really good for you, 3-4 times a week at best with 1 hour or 2 of activity depending on intensity.   Usually people say that's boring, but mind you what if you listened to a book while doing that? I am minding my audience here and think that redditors like reading books. Listening to audiobooks while commuting and doing physical activity is rewarding for your brain and fun too.   I listened to many Terry Pratchett books and it was FUN to go to the gym. I was like, yeah finally getting to the gym to listen to what happens to Sam  Vimes next.  There're great podcasts too like history, economics related etc. find some of them to add some variance.  "
 "She's a good cook"
 "If you don't understand what you're trying to say then I'm not sure why you find your opinion worth sharing.  You seem to think the job should pay a livable wage based on how difficult it is (even though lots of worthless activities are difficult, and lots of valuable ones are easy) but then you want to determine how difficult their job is indirectly by whether or not the person doing the job is educated?  To be blunt, your idea isn't that much worse than lots of other ideas people have based on how things \"should\" be. It's a strong argument for letting the market decide things so that, at the least, we know jobs are generally paying no more or less than they're worth. Any resulting shortfall in individual wages is probably best treated as a separate problem solved by gov't welfare, a guaranteed basic income, private charities, or other options."
 "He must have blisters from working the shovel."
 "I would do extreme sports, although I guess they wouldn't be extreme if there was no risk to them."
 "Nice guys don't stand out. You have to demonstrate something that separates you apart from the pack. Everybody can be nice but what can you do that makes you *better*?"
 "The back of the bus."
 "jennifer Lawrence "
 "How do they work?"
 "I hate when I go skiing and it has not snowed in awhile. The snow gets all cruddy. I need the pow. "
 "Yes, I can "
 "So... uh how exactly are these people going to go towards improving themselves if they barely make enough to support themselves as it is while working minimum wage?  If I recall correctly, things like education cost time  money, something people working minimum wage don't have a lot of. Where are they supposed to get that time  money if they're already stretched so thin? "
 "Politely declining the invite is not a dick move. Not bothering to answer the invite or RSVPing 'yes' then not showing up are dick moves. FIVE people said 'yes' to our wedding invite and didn't show up - and not one of them had a decent excuse. 500 bucks down the drain. "
 "Well if you're flirting you should make it clear that the touch isn't accidental. If it's accidental of course it doesn't do anything for me, but if it's intentional I'll get that you're flirting with me and react accordingly."
 "When I was a kid, the lady who lived next door had these gaudy plastic flamingos in her back yard. When she wasn't home, I would move them just a couple of inches each day, so that they slowly migrated across the yard. Unfortunately a major storm knocked them all down before she noticed. "
 "In first grade we were going over the planets.  The teacher had us name the ones we could before naming them off herself.  I raised my hand and said Krypton.  The teacher laughed, and corrected me explaining that Krypton is not a planet."
 "i think only Don Jon said that "
 "I think it was an axe machine."
 "That must've been some real looking fake dog shit.  Most are plastic and easy to tell that it's fake once you pick it up."
 "TIL I can only read 5 Onion articles without premium :("
 "I'd shrink a poisonous spider, because  1. I wouldn't see it (already small, now almost microscopic after shrinking) 1. i could train it to bite people on command, and they wouldn't know because they couldn't  see the spider.  It may freak me out to own a spider, but it also kills my enemies.  "
 "You could solve it by simply giving financial aid to parents like many other countries are allready doing.   Children are needed for a healthy long term economy and should therefore be financed (at least partly) by tax money. "
 "Then there is no need to go pointing fingers, then. "
 "**The NSA is a spying agency**. That is what it *does*. Its mission is NOT the protection of Angela Merkel's privacy or the filtering-out of Americans' metadata. The NSA exists to spy on friends and foes alike so that American policymakers have insight into what consequential people are doing and saying. And guess what? The NSA is really, *really* good at what it does. Their techs were *supposed* to figure out how to beat the iPhone, and *did,* and now we're supposed to scream and shout and RAEG that the NSA accomplished its mission? Please."
 "OMG I just did a milk spit take from my nose ! "
 "German. I am a brewer, it would be useful for reading technical materials. "
 "That's a very valid argument. "
 "Yeah, I got that.  But you're being downvoted because you are complaining about how the downvote system works versus how it is used and redditors generally think it is funny to use it wrong in this type of situation."
 "Bingo. It's a lot easier to get the exercise thing down if you can find a sport you like. Also sucking horrendously at something is the first step in being good at something."
 "I don't sleep nor do I drink coffee.  Come at me."
 "\"It's a roller coaster, a faulty one\""
 "I've never met a man who said porn was better than real sex.. "
 "Watch [Don Jon] "When people use \"what is\" instead of \"what are\"... -_-"
 "Personally I'm a fan of #8. #9 seemed to veer off of the main storyline,"
 "PC is for taxes."
 "no she is missing one tooth lol. "
 "\"Pull the trigger and the nightmare stops.\" -Coheed and Cambria, *Three Evils*"
 "What happens when all the companies that WERE paying their employees $8/hr have to raise their prices because their cost of labor just essentially doubled? Cost of living goes up. And then people will demand, once again, minimum wage be raised, and it's an endless cycle and is what causes inflation to be so drastic. The market would level itself out if people would just leave it alone! People will work for a wage they consider reasonable, and companies will pay the wages necessary to get people in the door. It's that simple. All the regulation is a temporary, artificial fix that simply creates more problems than it solves."
 "Mostly money management, investments, basic accounting, and healthy money habits. (Like never buying large purchases on credit, set aside sufficient savings to survive for 2-3 months at a minimum, than keep saving from there, etcetera)"
 "I never mentioned a qualifier for public assistance in my 1st post. I did mention one in my 2nd post. Did you miss that?   I'll explain my (unpopular) opinion again: too many minorities know how to game the system to receive government aid, and those who game the system don't deserve that aid. It's sad, because resources are finite, and they're being wasted (mostly) on people who don't honestly need them rather than people who are honest and would really benefit from assistance. "
 "Because that would totally work... How about mandated mental health treatment?"
 "AMEN. Once saw an elderly woman go around it twice in the wrong direction."
 "But he's not dead."
 "Simple grade 11 question. Get this outta my face"
 "Have sex with a 9-year-old girl."
 "Jeez, that would freak me the hell out."
 "I wouldn't give a shit. "
 "YES!!!"
 "People may cry Photoshop, but I have seen this exact sign at the Safeway about 3 miles from my house.  It's real. :/"
 "OP wants a porn-like story. "
 "wat "
 "Similarly, the single occupant public washroom.  I've actually had a woman push herself into it before even letting me out once I opened the door.  There should never be two bodies in there.  So awkward."
 "I was a loser. In the meantime I got old and gained weight.  The consistency of how I'm viewed by others is really amazing. "
 "Nothing can touch: Gay Teen Worried He Might Be Christian. "
 "You can close porn when you're done, a woman wants to stay over all night and cuddle."
 "Publish my first book."
 "They don't.   Edit: OP is clearly a virgin! "
 "Any system. Getting out of work, getting out of a \"family get together\", eluding the police, etc."
 "My K-Mart paycheck at age 16 was *the* motivation for me to start my own business which went on to make quite a bit of money, and provide quite a lot of consumer value."
 "Explain! "
 "lmao I just want the keys to the changing room. That's pretty sweet. I'll have to watch all of them"
 "\"Dancing in the desert, blowing up the sunshine.\"   Pack provisions for the first activity, if you must, but avoid the second activity."
 "Hey, you're the one that believes in moral objectivity, based on nothing but your faith in it.  I wish I had that atheists conscience that tells all human being what is right and wrong, or the magic sky fairy or whatever it is that drives your moral compass.      "
 "I hate you now. I know I have no logical reason to, but reading that made me hate you."
 "So if we all good Protestants wish to force the preservation of all souls (through hard work and frugality) then punitive taxes are the work of God.  I'll be contacting the Prosperity Gospel churches immediately."
 "There's a button saying 'give gold' under each post. Payment options are Paypal, bitcoin and creditcard. You can't transfer your gold to someone else, you gotta buy it."
 "It's a holdover from Win 3.1."
 "okay good point.   There are many reasons, i'll just give this one example.  I am sellfish. I already make around 3x minimum wage. I know that if min wage is increased, i'll actually be worse off. The reason being, if min wage is increased, we will probably see an increase in cost, which leads to increase in price, which means I effectively receive less money.  This is under the assumption which i would believe to be true, that i would not see a proportional raise in my wage. In fact, if everyone got a proportional increase in their wage while minimum wage increawed, nothing would actually get done.  Prices would rise proportional to the original increase in minimum wage thus leavin gthe effective buying power of the min wage worker the same.  I as a rational human, want more things for myself, and i know an increase in min wage means less things for me, so I am against a min wage increase. It also just happens, that economically speaking, I know min wages are bad for society."
 "I feel for you. I too have those \"vulcan moments\". That's why I'd rather people talk about their passions, whatever they might be, than conversation for conversation's sake. If the passion is genuine, it captivates me. I start asking questions, even if it's outside my usual interests. Small talk just makes me shut myself in.  And man, do I envy you. I'd love to have the experience of working in a pet store."
 "waverunner   FTFY"
 "Two possibilities spring to mind. First, with greater efficiency it may be possible to not rely on impulse buying. Second, imagine drones delivering pop-tarts to you from the nearest grocery store after tapping out an order on your phone."
 "I know my old Design Technology teacher designed his own, made a model, got the gold from his dentist father  my dad cast the final.  Maybe not what you have access to..."
 "No, not really."
 "Swallow 2 pieces of string, by the end of the night I will shit them out and they will be tied together... I shit you knot"
 "A ballsack that actually protects its contents."
 "Most men secretly have at least one kinky thing they like and they can fantasize about having sex with someone way out of their league"
 " Basically, the \"cycle\" refers the process of bacteria breaking down ammonia into nitrate, and then eventually into nitrate.  What the *fuck*, dude? Are you already drunk? The bacteria breaks nitrate down into nitrate? I'm genuinely curious but I'm getting more and more confused. "
 "Write until you get writers block, then get introduced to amphetamines and power through it. "
 "Gills, along with our lungs! It'll reduce the number of deaths by drowning."
 "www.reddit.com"
 "Ask and ye shall "Here is a top post about peoples favorite opening lines of a "People who rage engage before taking a breath. I'm guilty of this but I've learned when to walk away and calm down."
 "I moved to Path atleast a year and a half ago. Where have you been? "
 "The term 'posta' instead of 'supposed to' makes me want to punch people. "
 "Sorry I'm still on this but it's important that people understand how germs spread and far too many "I'm just going to leave this here so I can learn to cook! thanks stranger!"
 "I'm 26, and have had many jobs. One of which involved \"busting my ass\" for $15.00/hr for 12 hour shifts. I did that job for 2 years. That job sucked so much, and I hated going and felt like shit every day.   While I wouldn't trade that $15.00/hr job for burger flipping at 7.50/hr, I would certainly trade it for a much easier job at $10 an hour. My time and happiness is worth something. I don't want to burn out both my knees and back by 45 just so I could make some money while young.  "
 "They pretty much keep adding chains and changing bases. So sketchy..."
 "I randomly ran into Kit Harrington, AKA Jon Snow, on a little street in Toronto called Scollard St. while going to an appointment at a hair salon. I couldn't believe there weren't other people noticing it was Jon fucking Snow. He was much shorter and skinnier than he looks on TV, and I just told him I was a big fan and he shook my hand."
 "Tax service and your dog will never leave nor forget you."
 "It looks like you failed to ask a question in your title. Double check everything, including punctuation, and try posting again.   * **If you're wanting to tell a story or explain something, please try /r/Self.**  * **If you're needing advice of any kind, try /r/Answers or /r/needadvice**  * **If you're looking for something that has slipped your mind, try /r/TipOfMyTongue.**  Anything else not covered try one of the subreddits mentioned in our sidebar that better suits your needs.  If you need more clarification, or feel this was an error, please contact the mods and provide a link to this post, thanks!   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Separation of the waste disposal outlet from the recreational area."
 "\"10lb Ghiradelli chocolate \"cake\" slab which we broke apart with a hammer.\"  I think we can answer that"
 "Is he Russia's greatest love machine?"
 "\"Well that's the best part of me gone\""
 "Yup. That's really a good idea. .  I've been totally telling the computer I just sold 12 green teas when it was ..like..two green teas and a bunch of fruit punch. "
 "Harry Potter! "
 "Maybe it's the recent marathon due to illness,  but I read that in Zoidberg's voice."
 "Well my boyfriend and I have been contemplating between the iPhone 5 and the Galaxy S4; we've heard great things about both phones. But we still are curious as to which carrier would be best for us. We're looking for unlimited everything basically"
 "To say this more simply, it's because of the quality of work. $7 an hour isn't a liveable wage at McDonalds; however, the work someone would do at McDonalds is simply not worth more. Jobs like that are NOT career jobs. They're not designed to pay $15 per hour because in theory you're not supposed to be working there forever or trying to support a family with the job. If you want to make more than that, then you need to do something such as get some more education, apply to better jobs, talk to some people about finding a better job, etc."
 "Jayma Mays."
 "Don't worry, winter is coming."
 "This. So true."
 "Eventually, somebody else will reply with \"I don't know why you're getting downvoted. You're absolutely right because x y and z.\" And then your karma will go positive."
 "Can't remember title but it's the one where the storm \"reportedly hits large land mass south of Texas\""
 "Best one here"
 "Nothing yet (might go for some more Irish whiskey soon), but I'll definitely consume Sherlock today with a voracious appetite!"
 "Emma Watson&lt;3"
 "That's the idea isn't it?"
 "Fuck this takes me back.  Actually it wasn't that long ago, but I dated a girl. We went on dates a couple of times, and she wasn't that nice, and she was up herself. She would look down on other people like they were below her. After about 3 dates, she started pissing me off. She made rude remarks about me and my family, and complained about her parents not buying her a decent car.  That is when I realized she was a bitch. When we left the restaurant on our fourth date, she asked me to come back to her house. She was trying to seduce me. I had fucking plans, and she knew it, yet she told me to blow off my friends party and come with her. The conversation was this:  \"Come on, come with me.\"  \"No thanks, I have plans. I can't.\"  *Pout.* \"You're funny, I always get what I want, always, now hurry up and come with me.\"  \"Oh, you always get what you want, huh? Well you know what I want? I want to break up with you.\"  Then I left. And went to my friends party. I don't know why we dated in the first place."
 "*yeh"
 "I don't know any men who say porn is better than sex, even porn addicts. Who are you getting your information from?"
 "You'll spend more on entertainment than you can imagine. - my 6th grade English teacher.  Also, If you can cut out fast food entirely a few Rubbermaid containers and a visit to the local grocery will save you a bundle.  Also Google for coupons! "
 "Well done. "
 "maybe you shouldn't be friends with them"
 "Golden Retriever?"
 "Make vaginas less complicated. "
 "I put my foot down. I go away from the light as swiftly as possible. Passengers in my car tell me to slow down like I'm in the wrong."
 "As a man I appreciate this. I tend to get shit when I try to help with stuff. I understand that some people would rather do things themselves because there are something's that I would rather do myself, but I always try to include them in some way because I believe in teamwork in a relationship. But I never seem to attract or met any one that felt the same."
 "Businesses don't just have more people than they need. It's not cost effective, nor does it maximize profits. If you need x amount of people, you need x amount of people. x-1 people isn't enough to get everything you need done, and you're wasting money at x+1 employees. Just because wage goes up doesn't mean the amount of work that needs to be done goes down. Could you try working with fewer employees to maintain your profit ratio? Sure, but it'll likely lower your profits because of reduced production. Either way, the guy at the top ends up taking a hit to his profits. One way everybody who works for him gets screwed, or everybody who works for him makes more money."
 "For me, it's putting on a seatbelt, the car crash mechanism ^? always kicks in when I try to pull the seatbelt a few cm out."
 "The thing is, a lot of people living in this region of income live on cash alone. So they will get most of their taxes refunded to them - but they still have that money taken away first."
 "I go with the definition that a living wages means you don't have to go the government each month to get by.  That they  have enough to save a bit so that school can be a possibility, that taking a sick day is possible, etc. I look at other countries with a higher main wage and see that walmarts and McDonald's still make a heathly profit. Remember if a minute wage employee needs help from the govt that is your money, no McDonalds. you are subsidizing their workers. "
 "Yes."
 "I probably have a different answer than most. As a varsity swimmer, sometimes my teammates will point out when a dick is super obvious, and we generally just turn around and do our best to fix the situation."
 "Friend, that could've ended with someone trying the doggie lipstick."
 "Same answer different state"
 "Chicken tikka from the buffet and red bull. I'm the designated driver"
 "North american advertising standards in general are pretty much criminal."
 "Delete your comments?  I'm not the mod of this sub, I can't delete your comments.  If they were it was all you. HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA"
 "\"Don't you love me?\" is not a question, it's a threat. "
 "No wisdom teeth"
 "Valid point, maybe I should clarify.  It does work better for some to have a leaning kind of figure, as it helps keep your momentum forward and can be more aerodynamic.  This applies especially more for short distances than long distances.  However what is important for both, and maybe is the more important note to take away, is that having *good posture*, such as a straight back, is helpful in making sure your airway is not compromised and that you are not straining certain muscles unnecessarily, and this should make running less tiresome/more beneficial.  Thanks for bringing that up, hopefully that clarifies things a bit!"
 "The \"average\" landscapers are the guys the *landscaper* hires to follow him around and dig holes, lug shrubs, prune trees, etc...It's the same in most other trades, one who runs things and several subcontractors, apprentices, or laborers who do a lot of the grunt work. The apprentices and laborers skew the average earnings lower."
 "I support this idea. "
 "Vaginal Sommelier "
 "^Enhance"
 "Yeah but that's your opinion"
 "Is his name Barack Obama?"
 "There are several pedophile communities  out on the clearnet. Legal sites. Kinda like a forum. Very interesting to read."
 "Hey man, they never taught typing in any of my schools. I just learned by doing."
 "Clearly, you guys know shit about CBT, DBT, etc..."
 "I think the downvotes are because you seem to think that person had an unsympathetic view of workers. Surely you can agree that a head of household shouldn't have those jobs, even if they do? I think you're interpreting it as a criticism rather than a statement of fact."
 "Law Abiding Citizen.  Spoiler:  The detail I hate is the ending. (There is no way that Gerard Butler should lose."
 " Companies, similarly, have a maximum amount of money, that, if they pay higher than this, the cost of paying you isn't worth the value you bring.  Very wrong analogy. As an unemployed, I don't have to work for a lower paying job if I can live on my unemployment (no pressure), but a company needs workers to do the job, otherwise no sales. (pressure)  So, apples and bananas...   "
 is good as well."
 "That doesn't tell me how the body actually heals itself. This just describes the after effects. "
 "My camera for some reason doesn't stabilize if I turn the flash off, so I can't take good pictures at night."
 "And let's not forget that writers are constantly being asked to work for free. That is definitely not a living wage."
 "I reread 1-3 and I get what you mean. But as the books progress so does the maturity of the writing and story. It takes time to really appreciate the value. Plus I think it helped to read the series as a kid. To appreciate the content at the accurate and intended ages."
 "Amen"
 "Zero Dark Thirty"
 "Well, besides common beleif, I believe it does."
 "For some reason I pictured you looking like my mom. Then you posted the above comment, and I cringed."
 "if im ever shopping for my mom or dad or whoever, if i see some guy in his thirties behind me who's holding a loaf of bread, while i have basket full of stuff, i'd let him pass. it makes his day a bit better and faster, and his 10 seconds dont kill me who'd take 2 minutes."
 "Momento is a great iPhone app where you can actually tag your entries so you can search them more easily."
 "Probably yes but I believe the grammar for American sign language is bizarre since it's based on French sign language."
 "Me too ... 2100 block of Cienaga Street! ... Central Market FTW"
 "**Attention!** Please keep in mind that the OP of this thread has chosen to mark this post with the **[Serious] replies only** tag, therefore any replies that are jokes, puns, off-topic, or are otherwise non-contributory will be removed.  If you see others posting comments that violate this tag, please report them to the mods!   Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Far fewer problems indeed, however it'll take more than just a wage increase to get there."
 "I get the feeling there are so many people out there who don't do thing they are interested in just because it makes them different, which they construe as \"weird.\"  Yes! So many people want to do what's considered \"cool\" by the majority, and are afraid they'll be rejected or will be actually \"worth less as a person\" if they stray from that. To me nothing could be cooler than being strong enough to be different and weird and content with yourself. It takes a strong person to do that. It's easy to just do whatever is accepted as \"ok\" by the majority. How do so many people not get this? "
 "Emma Watson without a doubt. If we got married she wouldn't even have to change her last name!!"
 "Why wouldn't you just use a keyboard or a touch screen on your phone/tablet?  I guess I kind of fail to see the use case."
 "And obviously people who advocate raising the minimum wage believe that there are significantly more people who are worth $15/hr (or however much) to the company and who will keep their jobs, increase demand for other products through their increased disposable income, and create other jobs, than people who are worth less than $15/hr to their employer and will lose their jobs."
 "Ah, the good old \"bootstraps\" argument. It's a shame it's a crock of shit."
 "Little patronising wasn't it?"
 "Well more of a design fault with the receptacle in vertical situations. Any other time its always logo up, or white strip(on inside of plug) down."
 "I'd like to eat and breath through completely separate tubes and holes please. This choking thing is literally killing us. "
 " If result not found, close Chrome by double-clicking top left of window.  TIL  "
 "goddammit!  I like this movie a lot."
 "Generally when the issue is pressed many people abandoned such a position. I.E.  If you phrase it as \"So to afford housing, food, water, and basic health, one must risk a lot on debt, hopefully pick a profitable major throughout the course of their life, ect simply to have the CHANCE to have the bare minimum required to live?\" Usually when phrased such as that people scramble away from that position."
 " You know what they say, love is ^blind. Anyway, how is your sex life ? "
 "It hasn't reached midnight by me yet but I imagine it will be Jameson+Red Bull and falafel"
 "I just skipped the Plinko machine. Wasn't worth it."
 "Show me your math where paying the 8 people working at a McDonald's an extra $2/hr means you pay $20 for a Big Mac."
 "Ramen noodles.  ....yeah, college."
 "I think that [this is great, espically given that my brother has a bulldog too :)"
 "I got sick of a certain sweet cake when I was around 5. Literally. Loved it, ate a lot, vomited, feel nauseous by the mere thought of it ever since"
 "Who says that?"
 "That's a ridiculous thing to say."
 "His butthole"
 "Why does he have to be 100% one way? "
 "Did you not read my *first*?  To me, you sound like a female comfortable enough with her friends to talk about sex/men(?) openly enough that this is possible to come up in a conversation, as the comment reads from an **objective** point of view based on [the term used: **that guys**]"
 "Then you have a short memory.  At the time, the police were putting on armor / rugby pads, and then were getting on motorcycles so that when they hit the protestors with their clubs, they could do so with 60 km/h swings."
 "Well the little kids seem to think so"
 "Remember to bring duct tape and rope"
 "Just use \"axcept\" or \"eccept\" to cover all your bases. Same thing for aeffect."
 "a moral government would also be moral to their citizens  Tautology.   a minimum wage that makes sure they have enough to eat every month  The minimum wage as it stand in the US (around 7.50 an hour) is WAAAAAAY over this mark.  "
 "\"Memes\" doesn't just mean the stuff in /r/AdviceAnimals."
 "He's the banker."
 "AVERAGE ASIAN!! Hey "I'll come and violate you with a piece of celery."
 "You guys must be really nice for all them to drop what their doing and come over to the bar!"
 "Of course we can piss standing up. It is impossible to aim though."
 "The fact that I have to constantly wipe my ass after I shit (like I go through 1 roll of toilet paper a day) then having to put a new one on..."
 "Bugs Bunny. Didn't take shit off of nobody. Would dress up as a sexy bhoney to get his way. Always had a great one liner for any situation. "
 "If you think any of the potential kings/queens will end up on the throne, then you're wrong. This will end in ice or fire!"
 "DO NOT SPOIL IT FOR ME!"
 "I sat convinced the 1000's of dollars my parents spent on food storage was wasted.  Computers not thinking that they should be on because the time was before the advent of computers?  I smelled bullshit."
 "NASCAR everyone uses the same car. Minimal modifications. All same maker. Every car in F1 follows loose guidelines and different car companies make them. NASCAR dosent follow lines. There about brute force ad gunning it. NASCAR has 2 turns per lap that are easy and don't require braking. F1 has 6-12 turns per lap that involve breaking shifting etc and not hitting people. "
 "Man, I love doing this!"
 "God that is even more dumb then bit strips, and the people who always say \"HEHE TRY LE BERTSTRIPS!!!\""
 "Who? "
 "Dexter, Lie to me, Breaking bad, Orange is the new black, Cabin in the woods, Archer, Arrested Development, It's always sunny in Philadelphia"
 "I had an insanely gorgeous woman approach me in a hotel bar and ask if I would like to come up to her room with her around closing time. I told her I was married, but extremely flattered. (She was way out of my league and must have been intoxicated.) I was proud of myself for being so faithful.  When I got home from my trip the next day, my wife said she wanted me to move out. [Completely out of the blue.] We were divorced six months later. The FIRST thought I had after the shock wore off was, \"I totally should have nailed that girl at the hotel.\""
 "Finding a sport you enjoy helps immensely. Also, sucking is the start of getting good."
 "I'm assuming he meant a hunting treestand."
 "1. How many Pokemon are there. 2. Am I still ginger. 3. What diseases have successfully cured 4. Have we met aliens and what happened 5. How far have we explored into space"
 "I tried to call the mother and talk to her and the kid, but she's always disliked me and seemed to blame everyone who knew my friend for what happened. Irrational, yes, but I can't exactly fault her for that. She made it clear that further contact was not gonna happen, and I didn't have the heart to argue with her. I was just the oblivious friend, after all.  When I first found out about it, I couldn't quite believe that he had actually done that to his son, so I sent him a letter. He wrote back to regretfully confirm and asked me to keep writing him. I just couldn't do it, though. If he had done just about anything else, I think I would have been able to forgive him. Hell, if he'd murdered someone, I probably would have sent him care packages and letters and shit. But to do that to his kid, who I adored... I can't imagine having a conversation with him ever again, much less seeing him after he gets out of prison. I'm genuinely afraid that I would do him serious injury."
 "South park."
 "^^^^your ^^^^mom"
 "Except simple economics isn't the same as what could be or should be.  It's just the simple way to do it.  Allowing the market to set wages in a surplus of workers means keeping people at the starvation level.    Forcing wages to be higher, or supplementing the lowest incomes by taxing the wealthy, doesn't kill the economy, it just changes it's shape into a better form for almost everyone."
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "When I was younger I had a hare. For some reason, I always tried to do things that would make him proud and tell him about what I did during the day as soon as I got home."
 "Always remember to bring duct tape and rope."
 "Which room? "
 "And be black. That would help."
 "thanks nigga"
 "Hope he ate his meat."
 "Move the urethra and anus further away from eachother please."
 "Group poop."
 "**Warning** TV Tropes"
 "But I'm doing it to cut back on smoking...."
 "People who are rude to servers. It doesn't matter how nice they are treating you personally, if they are jerks to people who are there to serve and help you out then THEY ARE NOT GOOD PEOPLE."
 "Who would say that?"
 "You should have slapped her."
 "We're good friends now."
 "One of the dogs in my family is... interesting. Molly, our six year-old Boston terrier, has always been an insecure dog. She just always seems to be in a constant \"upset\" state. She's either all over you, losing her absolute shit, or in her crate sucking on her \"pillow\" (more of a rag now) looking pathetic. If you stick your finger anywhere near your mouth, she flips- whining, crying, high pitched barking, the whole deal. There was a good solid week while I was still in high school (and thus living at home) during which light-switches freaked her out. She also knows the word \"squirrel\"- she's almost knocked over quite a few lamps that way. I love her to death, but I'm not convinced that she's living in the same perceived reality. "I can't wait for the \"Carrie Diaries\" episode that shows her horrible accident and the reconstructive surgery that turns her into Sarah Jessica Parker."
 "I don't make/have enough money from working at the factory to feed myself, my spouse and my 5 kids. Oh wait, sorry folks. My BAD! I misread this question as 'Third World Problems.' "
 "I just started running a few weeks ago. I found a 13 week couch potato to 10k program. So far I'm really enjoying running (I've loved it my whole life). I need to get healthy and fit in my wardrobe, plus as a full time grad student it's a great way to clear my mind. You just gave me some faith that when I run my 10k in March the experienced runners are not gonna be laughing at me. Thank you."
 "I was contemplating on Googling it but thought \"pedophiles and beauty pageants\" isn't really something I want anyone to know I've searched for. "
 "Lord of the Rings: The Tower Towers.  That incredibly dramatic scene where the Ents break the dam above Isengard, and PJ has to have that gorram Ent (the one on fire) coming running in off screen and douse himself in the water.   Entire audience laughs. Way to ruin a great scene. "Oh, etiquette! Of course everyone knows it's more important to follow the letter of the law than the spirit of it! /s"
 "\"It's not working out.\""
 "I didn't mean for freedom, I meant for cost. I pay about $700 a month for gas and insurance, but I'd be paying at least that much if I sold my car and moved out, so I'll stick with driving until I'm done school."
 "I disagree. Friends will react positively."
 "If you don't already, start using ctrl+f.  Great way to find what interests you in these threads quickly.  I've cut my procrastination in half!"
 "Spanish because it's very popular."
 "When the sound of the dishwasher interferes with my TV watching enjoyment. My shit is being washed for me and I am annoyed that it can't be done more quietly. "
 "About 8 seasons of trailer park boys I'm working my way through it and just got to Lucy's new boobs. They look fantastic. "
 "Trust me, I'm from a country where everybody HAS to vote. It doesn't work. It just adds stupid to the pile."
 "Why make them illegal? You can choose where you donate your money."
 "Play all those Japanese video games that never got localized. LOOKING AT YOU SUMMON NIGHT: SWORDCRAFT STORY 3"
 "Oh I do, I love warband. "
 "Not real sex"
 "Cost is extremely relevant as it has dramatic effects on the supply curve.   Rising wages for the poor will also affect the demand curve.  Both of these pressures are pushing the equilibrium toward higher prices.  "
 "Ask. It's the only way to be sure."
 "This job model also makes it so teenagers are making *way* more than they're worth simply so the adults doing the same job as them can live comfortably on their own. Minimum wage jobs are supposed to be temporary jobs while one gets an education and furthers their value. Bagging groceries was never meant to support someone for life."
 "The 15 minutes, or 5 seconds of fame that we all are supposed to get is a lie.   "
 "This happens all the time with my kid's birthday parties. I always have to over-cater because half of the asshats who don't bother to RSVP show up anyway."
 "No, man; she just seems like a cool chick."
 "People often think that the phrase \"separation of church and state\" is in the U.S. Constitution, and that the \"Bill of Rights\" automatically applied to state governments."
 "It's good that you were lucky enough to get those loans, and it's good that you were able to get a job where you were able to pay back those loans. Again, not everyone is that lucky. Some people take out loans, work hard, study hard, go into a field that they think will allow them to pay back those loans, then the economy crashes and the job they had been studying for dries up, and then the end up in debt for the rest of their lives. You have no idea how much luck has played in your rise to success. I'm not doubting that you worked hard, that you still work hard, I'm not doubting that you put in insane hours, but so have millions of other people who were not as lucky as you. Hard work alone will not guarantee success, you still have to be in the right place at the right time. "
 "Sure did, weened myself off with nicorette gum. Been off the things for a year "
 "Came here to say this and ride the karma train but whatever I could care less. "
 "We'll cross that bridge when we get to it. Which will be never."
 "Natalie portman and hayden panetierre. "
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "She has been with me through college, marriage, motherhood and divorce...If any pet needs needs therapy it is her. Never thought she would still be around after this many years"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "You measure it by how well it combats poverty. Raising it to $9-10/hr still wouldn't be able to support a single mother with one or two children and you can't base a wage on those factors due to wage discrimination.   It's better than nothing don't get me wrong as it'd help those who are single a decent deal but those with kids would still be left to rely on food stamps.   Keep in mind I'm not arguing that minimum wage shouldn't be increased, I'm arguing that doing that and only that is an inefficient way to address the issue.  To word in economics speak, my suggestions are more efficient than simply increasing minimum wage because they leave more people better off without really leaving anyone worse off. "
 "Using chrome, works without it. I just get a SSL security error."
 "Right, so its a lot more complex than the elementary version where the north shook its fist at the south and said \"slavery isn't nice\" and the war ended after Lincoln freed all of the slaves"
 "Dat nigga got dolphin teeth!"
 "Sure. (I hated doing it too) It's all a numbers game, but at the time Radio Shack didn't pay crap for commission and I went elsewhere (among many other reasons)."
 "I can dislocate my left wrist on demand.   It kinda freaks people out, but it's the only ice-breaker I got."
 "No I have them at our local grocery store "
 "That's what I ended up doing!  I sloooooowly rolled on my side, slooooowly tucked my knees to my chest, and slooooowly got on all fours, then crawled to the bathroom, and then to bed.  Not my proudest moment."
 " I has a day off  I has one every now and then as well, silly sir."
 "The bigger they are the harder they hit."
 "My favorite too."
 "Awesome thanks for the link"
 "This is true everywhere. Once you've stuck your foot in your mouth, don't reach for the shovel."
 "I kind of like being compared to a shoe."
 "You can either work smart or work hard.        This is a myth, you have to do *both*."
 "Au contraire, nothing satisfies quite like cracking a grunt on the head with the but of your rifle."
 "\"Gonna tell her that I'm sorry for the pain that I've caused. I've been listening to your reasoning and it makes no sense at all.\""
 "Hell yes."
 "I have not been updated on the kardashians since I googled Ray j's sex tape. I'm pretty sure you can just click 'unsubscribe' or something along those lines to free yourself."
 "He is supposed to be able to control it. He just never learned how."
 "You've watched too much porn. The average aroused vagina is 5 to 7 inches, which is the size most women prefer. Getting dick punched in the cervix *hurts so incredibly badly* it will often end sex. Most porn stars aren't 9 inches, they use camera angles to make it look bigger. The average porn star is 7.5 inches.  My point is that there are always outliers. Some poor guy is going to have a 10 inch dick and not be able to have sex comfortably with the vast majority of girls, just like some poor girl is going to have a 4 inch vagina and won't be able to have sex comfortably with the vast majority of guys."
 "There is a special circle of hell reserved for paedophiles and those who speak in the theater"
 "Why? Seriously you guys are so annoying with this"
 "Are you accounting for federal withholding? Because a lot of people forget about the ~$2k reimbursement check they get at the end of the year.  Edit: I don't think federal withholding is the right word here, but the point still stands."
 "At my store the computers only let supervisors do that."
 "Oh man, you are awesome. This is why Reddit is so great. I love the idea of Putin having a massive underground server farm! "
 "You'd rather have intestines running down your leg?  No thanks."
 "[Wikipedia Celebrates 750 Years of American you read it, know this: paragraph five may be the piece of comedy I remember at end of days."
 "Bet on every Super Bowl winner and winners of all games I can remember. "
 "Grave encounters is my favorite horror, it is more of a ghosty horror, but very jumpy. Well to 19 year old me it was."
 "It was a pretty epic design flaw you did with our eyes, you put the nerve endings in front of the retina making us have inferior vision. People claim this is evidence for evolution, but it is clearly evidence for your poor engineering skills. Where did you go to school anyways? Let me talk to your parents!"
 "That fucker Waldo is still out there somewhere too"
 "i live on my own. utilities cost $40 a month. I live in a large 2 floor apartment and keep both floors at 75 degrees during the winter."
 "Some guy cut out his nipples , and stitched himself up"
 "Use your arms or hands to hold, let's say a box, then instead of bending your lower back , bend your knees then with the box in your hands  unbend your knees keeping your back straight."
 "Congrats."
 "Tony Abbott."
 "I was taught 4 and 8 too. When my dad saw me driving like that after I passed the driving test, he blew a gasket and claimed my anti-10-and-2 driving lesson (risk of broken arms from airbag) was retarded teenage babble and reamed me out for driving \"like an idiot\". I'm not really sure why it enraged him so much...well, actually it's because he's a hot tempered asshole...but that's beside the point. There needs to be a PSA for all the outdated drivers out there to save those poor teenage souls from a potential beating-by-crazy-pop."
 "So let me gt this right, there are places in the World, and more importantly in America, where people walk up the moving steps/path ways? Why? They are moving so you do not have to, there are stairs for the non-lazy people and escalators for the lazy... That is how it is done around here (mid-west)."
 "This movie. Balled my eyes out. Goddamnit PIXAR."
 "Language evolves. Saying a word is \"incorrect\" is not something I agree with, since the primary function of language is association, either with a physical thing or a concept. When you say \"I'll do x irregardless of y\", typically people understand to what you are referring. Therefore, the word irregardless fulfills its function, as the concept is transferred to the intended recipient. It doesn't matter whether people think it's 'proper' or not, since it works."
 "Amy Adams"
 "I joined a fraternity in 2005 and saw the \"hazing\" get easier and easier. My frat was pretty mild as there were consistently issues on campus. There were always rumors about bad things that would happen but from what I can remember it wasn't THAT bad, just took up a lot of time and most of the hazing was getting yelled at and cleaning the house. I was the last pledge class where the brothers were allowed to completely trash the common room, trash cans overturned, food everywhere, condiments on the wall. This happened twice and we had to make the room spotless before we could go home. The first time someone peed in a cup and left it in the middle of the floor, the second time someone pooped on a plate.  I didn't see much of it as hazing, just a lot of cleaning and getting yelled at. We did some pretty awesome stuff though, like playing ultimate frisbee at 5 a.m. instead of the usual jogging around campus and towards the end of pledgeship we were blindfolded and driven to a very secluded cave about 45 minutes outside the city. Upon arrival we were un-blindfolded and got to explore the cave together, so awesome. Some of the people I pledged and lived with at the fraternity are still my best friends today  EDIT: typos"
 "So there be a bit of blood on it?"
 "As a female, I've never met one."
 "If the IRA doesn't fall through..."
 "I had my top front incisors filed down, as is procedure for crowning, and had a temporary cap put on them until the actual crowns could be placed. One day the cap feel off and my slivers of incisors were exposed. The dental hygienist cleaned them using water and streams of air and it was the most acute and awful pain I've ever experienced."
 "That...does not sound good at all man.  "
 "I never wank to people I know, or even picture them naked. Even the ones I'm attracted to. It just makes things awkward.   If I ever get a girlfriend that might change. But I'll think about it when the time comes, if it ever does anyway."
 "I want a laser cannon grafted onto my chest to crush those who disobey me. "
 "I'm sorry man, but IMHO Soulo is the weakest link of Black Hippy"
 "You should not be able to see your own car. They are for the *sides*"
 "And your evidence of this is........ Nothing. But to the contrary there are hundreds of examples of raising minimum wage to a livable wage where unemployment drops. Why would it drop, that sounds crazy? It drops because when the poor get money they do this crazy thing called SPEND IT. The poor and middle class do not sit on their money or ship it out of the country to avoid taxes, they SPEND it and when they spend it something happens. That is called increased sales which causes the need to replace what was bought as well as service the customers. I'm sorry you never had a class in economics, did your school not offer one?"
 "obama"
 "Speaking as a 40yr old.... I've only ever really had 1 partner who really truly deeply satisfied me sexually. It's incredibly difficult to find a partner who matches you on enough levels, trusts you, communicates effectively and is willing/able to participate in whatever sexual desire or insecurity you might have. (and work through it)   Porn is easy. Porn has enough diversity, that you can exactly what you want, almost instantly, with little to no \"drama\" and little to no effort.   Porn is convenient. \"Real (good) sex\" takes significant work/effort. "
 "People just can't stop staring at glowing rectangles."
 " [The single subject rule should apply to congressional bills. No more crazy amendments with nothing to do with what they are actually voting on. Easy for public to read and understand who is voting for what exactly. Less weird poison pill amendments which would hopefully lead to less ads that claim \"Congress person X voted to kill all the babies in - /u/MinisterT  C'mon dude, at least [cite who said it if you're going to plagiarize someone else's thoughts and ideas."
 " I think you should seriously consider why you feel this way and try to change it. It's not a good attitude.  What?"
 "I loved that movie! It was so underrated."
 "One always dies too soon  or too late. And yet one's whole life is complete at that moment, with a line drawn neatly under it, ready for the summing up. You are  your life, and nothing else.  [No "The damage is fucking bad. It's page one and every channel that says what they did. It's page 12 and the community bulletin that says they were found innocent. "
 "yeah"
 "Imagine by John Lennon would make for a pretty fucked up totalitarian dystopia. "
 "I would still live in scotland but in the countryside and I would give half of the cash to my family and still keep working but shorter hours so I can have a little more Me time."
 "My dog will sleep in with me and won't leave my room until I'm awake. Even when the other humans in the house offer him a way out.   When I do wake up he'll stand over me and give me kisses."
 "If I could go back in time, I would just laugh my ass off every time I did something stupid, who gives a shit about what others think of you, it's your opinion about yourself that matters at the end :)"
 "I've definitely bought things that made me happy. "
 "why shouldnt silver be worth more than gold?  youre tilting at windmills here."
 "Pretty sure they're not watching YOU or ME. They obviously have bots that look for keywords or something along those lines. There are over 300 million people in the US, most of which send over 100 emails/messages every month or wen week. I highly doubt that they even care about you or me"
 "*reads user name and thinks* \"Yeah, he would think that's what makes a man.\""
 "Fucking torch is damp and won't light."
 "I don't think that would work. "
 "I guess the joke flew over everybody's head."
 "It was a brothers account he never used, when he saw me browsing he gave me the details."
 "Congrats, what are you studying? Where do you study? Whats your ASL and last name? I want to eat your heart."
 "When the other person sees themselves as superior because they are skilled in one particular type of intelligence. I dated a dude who was constantly discrediting my opinion or tastes as if it were entirely invalid simply because I'm more right-brained and artistic and linguistic, whereas he was very analytical and practical. Like no, we are both intelligent just in different areas. Don't treat me like a goddamn child"
 "My girlfriend does this all the time and it drives me insane."
 "[Man Dies After Secret 4-Year Battle With "Relevant "Eh, saves water. "
 "I just played you a solo on the ol butt trumpet"
 "this is fantastic. If I were not making minimum wage i'd give you gold."
 "A lot of words in tagalog was derived from the spanish language since we have been occupied by the spaniards in the past."
 "In Thailand, can you leave your house while wearing underwear and then take it off once you're outside?"
 "I don't necessarily find dicks sexy. I find what they do sexy and who they are attached to as sexy."
 " The more you try to explain, the worse it'll be     Care to explain?  I see what you did there.  I don't, care to explain?"
 "Reent Mass drivers Ed taker. I can confirm this"
 "It's a spray, you spray it everywhere as a prank, and it turns even the best smells into a death chamber of poop."
 "It's called capitalism; with all that implies."
 "Unless you want a lifetime job at Starbucks..."
 "I am results oriented.  Would your actions change based on whether you knew for a fact you were right/wrong?    Do you still think burning fossil fuels is the way to go?  Do you think we should drill more?    I don't really care if climate change is real or not, all I know is that if it is real, we have to do something now.  If it is fake and we still switch over to green energy, we still end up better than we are now.    tl;dr:  skip the debate, let's work together on what we can agree on.  "
 "I'd rather not have my balls dangling where they can be easily struck, so air cooling isn't high on my list of demands. "
 "A $500 Tercel?  You paid too much."
 "Here's a good one; don't say that"
 "Same with WD40."
 "Pushed her away and said \"No.\" "
 "This makes me feel like there is justice in the universe. Mainly because my first day on a city street, I almost got rear-ended and killed by an asshole like that, and I like to think it was that driver."
 "Indifference. It stops being a problem if you don't intend to do anything about it. Easier than denying the reality and potentially more destructive because a person in denial could attract the aid of others, but someone who's indifferent can lie and say \"Yeah, I'm working on it,\" and will be left to their own devices, screwing themselves over.  Edit: Oops, misread as coping mechanism instead of defense mechanism. Ad hominem diverts attention from the real issue if your attack is strong enough."
 "haha i try, i try.   hope you have a great party. wuhuuuuu"
 "A lot of people have made great points about the supply and demand in this situation, but I think one thing that doesn't get enough attention is that the living wage isn't just this magic number that works for everyone. For a start off, it depends on location (ie living wage in New York vs small town America). In addition, it depends on your family situation. For example, living wage for a 16 year old fully supported by their parents is essentially $0 (they can survive and live well with basically no income if they have to, as most teens in this situation are working to have money for wants rather than needs). On the other hand, a single mother with 3 children will have a higher living wage. Finally, the definition of what is necessary to own to be living well differs. For example, some people might consider a car to be necessary, while others can make do walking or with public transport.  This may not be directly applicable to your situation. But hopefully it helps explain that part of the problem of arguing for a living wage is that a number doesn't really exist. Obviously I'm not sure of the specifics of your living situation, but The only possible way to make sure everyone has a living wage would be for companies to analyze each person's situation and come up with a number, which clearly wouldn't be fair because you don't want people earning different wages at the same company for the same job. There's really no point arguing for a living wage."
 "From what I understand, if you are using a flash from more then five feet then its useless."
 "My cat Ollie has underdeveloped lungs (he was found as a newborn stray), and as a result, has a perpetual cold. He breathes loud and wheezy, always has the sniffles, has sneeze fits of ~15 sneezes several times a day, and has a meow that sounds like a newborn kitten even though he is almost 5. We have had it treated, but it always comes right back and was getting expensive. He doesn't seem to mind, and it's completely adorable."
 "No problem, and have fun. In both your failures and successes!"
 "When my sister was visiting me, we were in my kitchen when we heard this rumbling noise from the 2nd-floor bedroom just above us. I explained that after my black Lab \"Joshua\" finishes his dinner, he likes to go upstairs and lie by the bedroom window and look out over the back yard.  THEN, when my Great Dane \"Harlan\" finishes HIS supper, he will go upstairs and hassle Joshua - he will give him a stiff poke with his snout, then run around in a big floppy circle, poke him again, run a circle in the opposite direction, etc (hence the rumbling noise).  \"Eventually,\" I said, \"Joshua will tell Harlan to leave him alone\" (right then we heard this loud \"RAWRRFF\" from upstairs), \"...and Harlan will come back downstairs\", at which time Harlan trotted back downstairs and into the kitchen.  My sister told me my dogs are weird."
 "Well you can contact the postal delivery service and they should be able to track who did it.   But in UK we have to sign for things over a certain cost, and everything else goes through the letterbox or to neighbors if it's too big.   I've never  had to deal with any of these problems before."
 "Can someone explain why not?  Just playing devil's advocate, but what if they're wondering why someone would consider their comment to be irrelevant as opposed to just worrying about their karma?"
 "who are you, Duck Dynasty beardey?"
 "I fucking hate my girlfriends cats.  There is absolutely no love there.  However, they are soft and I love them."
 " "Honestly, I don't know.  At some point, it just became clear to us and to everyone else that we cared more about each other's happiness and well being than just about everything else in creation. We were happier with each other than with anyone else. After 10 years, we'd already seen each other through most of the things that break couples, and it only made us stronger friends. "
 "It was pretty nice, I've done it three times alone. Once was in the woods at night, the last two were home alone.   "
 "They are celebrating 2003 not 2014."
 "I SLEEP LIKE THAT OK"
 "It looks like you failed to ask a question in your title. Double check everything, including punctuation, and try posting again.   * **If you're wanting to tell a story or explain something, please try /r/Self.**  * **If you're needing advice of any kind, try /r/Answers or /r/needadvice**  * **If you're looking for something that has slipped your mind, try /r/TipOfMyTongue.**  Anything else not covered try one of the subreddits mentioned in our sidebar that better suits your needs.  If you need more clarification, or feel this was an error, please contact the mods and provide a link to this post, thanks!   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Yeah, I just popped in to say 'OP', upvote whoever said it before me as I was sure it'd be the top comment, and bounce.   Look at me now."
 "I've tried to stop doing it because everyone always tells me it's disgusting. In my opinion it's much more polite than sneezing into the elbow. I see too many people just hold their elbow up and sneeze into the air, assume the elbow catches the germs magically or something. "
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Ravenholm. We don't go to Ravenholm."
 "He doesn't, but he made it sound like he held one position in one post and then switched sides in the next. It's fine to be ambivalent but the way he phrased it was confusing."
 "Les Miserables.  I hate how Javert kills himself at the end.  I always felt he should just relax, take a deep breath, go home to friends or family, and say \"you'll never guess who I ran into at work today! Jean Valjean!  I mean, it's been 25 years, and he hasn't aged a bit!\" "
 "We still let women vote, and blacks go to the same schools. Don't even get me started on japz."
 "Until a cop shows up.  Then suddenly everyone remembers.  "
 "There's them barking spiders again."
 "Better load the pointfile then."
 "That's the attitude that got me a living in minimum wage."
 "Am a cashier. This does happen but it has to be the exactly the same item. Like Heinz Tomato soup 500ml or whatever. People just think they can get 5 of each flavour across like 5 assortments and say \"ohh I have 25 cans of soup\". The other big one is those tiny portion sized cat food/tuna tins. Man. Those things drive me up the wall.  "
 "I'd want to be Petyr Baelish, in the books. "
 "Salvia and tobacco"
 "I feel like this is going to become a \"best of\""
 "It is correctly using it...just added a little showmanship. "
 "Hah, get of reddit, time saver"
 "Our pet rat Ambulance (named by our 4 year old son for his favourite vehicle) will reach her tiny paws out of the cage and bounce around to get our attention. When we open the cage to say hi, she will scramble up my arm and sit on my shoulder, refusing to leave until she has had enough pats and kisses. I have trained her to sit up, come when called, and a few other little tricks but honestly I think she has us trained more than we have her trained.  "
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Everyone involved in Pizza's Preparation, Delivery, Purchase Extremely High."
 "No, not really. Work through an example.   Let's say they are currently facing the choice to sell 100 units at $1 profit each or 50 units at $1.75 each. Clearly they will sell at the lower price point and net $100 (versus $87.5).   Now increase the cost of labor by $.50. Now the choice is 100 at $.50 or 50 at $1.25. Now they will make $50 versus $62.50, so it makes sense for them to raise prices.   "
 "Thank you for not driving."
 "DAE ONLY LISTEN TO REAL MUSIC?"
 "Michael Gove"
 "Easy there, Gabriel Guia."
 "My loved ones dying violently. Its a condition... "
 "Whitneys are fat."
 "You leave my Saden alone."
 "Thanks, cheers and happy new year "
 "Women being opposed to nearly any display of male emotion is frequently held to be a problem.  Your attitude is contributing to this problem."
 "If she was a bad waitress, yes.  If she were nice and professional (which, again, has little to do with what her name is), then no.  Unlike you claim to be, I'm not afraid of a black person simply because he or she may have an unusual name.  "
 "Probably the grappling-hook. "
 "Oh dude... when you are having your first kids - when momma is preggers and you're waiting - you FREAK THE FUCK OUT. ALL THE TIME.  Totally, absolutely normal. Don't sweat it. You will lose your fucking mind a few times, try not to stress over it.  You'll worry about birth defects and that kind of shit more than long-term raising stuff... at least I did. It goes away once they pop out healthy with all their fingers and toes and shit.  Then you basically get too overwhelmed in the day-to-day of taking care of baby and trying to find sleep here and there to worry about distant shit like whether they will be nice people later on.  Don't sweat it man... they don't come with a manual and everyone freaks out the first time - no way around it. you'll be fine.   EDIT: Just realized I spoke in plural.  We had twins, so I tend to speak that way when in parent-theory mode. "
 "/r/askscience "
 "If you live near a university, try to speak with the art professor if they have a welding/metal working/sculpture program."
 "Unfortunately, I don't think I could have done anything different to curb the shit-storms of 2013. "
 "That doesn't happen. I have no qualms about abortion and live in a county where it's free, so it could technically cost me less to get abortions than to use condoms. I still use two forms of birth control. You don't need to make medical procedures illegal to convince people that they don't want to e having one every year. Abortions are very safe, but they still hurt more than taking a pill, which is why noone uses it other than as a last resort."
 "I did this to 2 different ladies and it wasn't as smooth as you're making it out to be. Just anecdotes though ... "
 "\"Face\""
 "Aw thats so sad :("
 "\"I'm happy to have known you...\"   ....so I know how NOT to act. ;P"
 "I am defiantly sure that you are wrong."
 "Seriously.  It gave me such bad motion sickness I was ill for hours after. But here is an up vote for your user name."
 "I feel like I've read this exact thread before..."
 "/r/r4r  It's mostly 90% guys, 10% girls..And those 10% of girls are being hounded by 90% of guys."
 "Like no one ever was?"
 "Check reddit for happy new year messages. Didn't find any. "
 "You need to start lucid dreaming! "
 "Non interest "
 " I wasn't mad about it or anything. It was just a part time job and as mentioned, it required no real skills. I think the bigger issue is many people's standards are too high: No, you can't live on your own comfortably at minimum wage.   This is part of the picture. The other is there is one story: Income Disparity. The concept of income mobility is inconvenient to this one-dimensional narrative.   People want to be pissed about this. They do not want to know anything about people getting out of minimum wage jobs.  Face it. Your existence is inconvenient. That people can *move out of minimum wage jobs*, and especially, *that they continue to do so* is why you only get income disparity data. Income mobility data has ZERO demand, for a variety of reasons. Truth is, you need both sets of data to understand what's going on -- good or bad.   And that is far too complicated for ELI5 America.   To be legitimately pissed off, the narrative requires you to be *permanently, inexorably trapped at minimum wage.* "
 "Badoo - Dating site, I met 3 people off there and one of those is my current boyfriend (been 2 years now)  MeetMe - Good for meeting friends.  Snog - More of a flirty site for teens or young adults."
 "A few years ago we had to read Walden, upon half the class revealing that they didn't read the whole thing he said, \"no one actually reads Walden, all the way.\""
 "Mom's spaghetti"
 "[The would disagree."
 "You have it completely right. If they're doing anything more than this they're being ass holes. I hated how some of the brothers would be dicks to the pledges and then expect them to be friends when they were initiated. You can tell when you're there who's actually a good person and who's just fucking with you because they can"
 "Wow, blast from the past...is IRC even still around??"
 "I don't really think ebonics are for you."
 "Thank you American Idol!"
 "Oh your mom totally gets banged. "
 "I understand and agree completely. I went to college for welding and got an associates degree in Applied Science. This is after serving three years in the US Army Infantry and fucking up my knee. About the time I graduated, I found out the surgery the VA did to fix my knee had been botched and my doctor told me if I took a job I wanted in pipeline welding, I would need a knee replacement every five years. Those jobs started out at $40/hr and went up from there. I opted to get a job in the financial industry paying much less (but still able to support my family) but involving almost no physical labor because then I wouldn't have to have surgeries every five years. I am no stranger to physically demanding jobs, and I would actually prefer something more demanding than the job I have now, but it's not in the cards for me at the moment. That said, I do not regret my decision for one second."
 "One of my cats comes when called, and will jump onto my lap when I tell him to. The other makes this adorable \"Brrrrupp\" sound when jumping on anything as if saying, \"Here we go!\""
 "I wanna know how you say \"I broke my pencil\" in German so I can yell it out loud when it happens."
 "Funny how kids have to be forced to go to church. No one has to encourage others to masterbate though.  "
 "Don't make fun of me on the internet! Asshole"
 "I'm not 100 on this but I think my mom has unlimited data on T-Mobile. "
 "One year my son asked Santa Claus to bring him a door. When I asked him why a door he said \"because Santa will be a all like 'why does this kid want a door? What's wrong with him?!?!?!\" "
 "If only that would actually happen... I mean, if a guy showed up, announcing himself by setting off a global lightshow, turning a guy into a parakeet and back or whatever, and said he was the Big G, who would really have the balls to disbelieve him?"
 "I found a Twilight (like, the teenager books) branded hair dryer. It seems to be the one they supplied with the room..."
 "It got opened. It was filled with dead spiders and disappointment."
 "That sounds fantastic. What about here in the real world though?   What has happened in this day and age that makes you think we are moving in this direction even a little bit? "
 "Ahhh, lesse.   Rough dominant pegging by my girlfriend, something about anal play really tweaks my nipples if you catch my drift.   Swallowing, snowballing, mudballing, walks on the beach.   Exhibitionism, I love having sex where I may get caught, also voyeurism. Sometimes I just like to watch my sweetheart work herself.   Choking, a little bit of slapping and pain play, nothing serious. Degradation is a big one for me. Nothing like spitting on my asshole before forcing my face into the pillow while she tells me what she thinks of me.   Analingus, anal sex... If I recall any more ill post them. "
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "*Raises hand* 7th grade me is guilty. "
 "I wouldn't necessarily remove any classes, but I would make them optional past a certain point. Basic math skills are obviously necessary, but anything beyond that is just a waste of students' time and a source of frustration. Same with science. Physics, chemistry, biology, trigonometry, algebra, and calculus are all pointless classes for 90% of the students forced to take them. Make those optional.  We have government classes, but no one explains to students how the government ACTUALLY works, we only learn how it's SUPPOSED to work. I'd call this class \"real world politics\" and it would inform students of the rampant corruption and manipulation that actually runs nations. This class would also teach students not to believe the media."
 "Tristons are all tools."
 "It's an exaggeration, but paying each and every employee a minimum of $15/hr (per the recent \"protests\") would jack up prices considerably. You get the point.   Or you can show me your math where only 8 people are employed by Mc'Ds? "
 "I worked in fast food for almost 5 years. Everyone there that was stuck were either the managers (who did make living wage) or they were stoners, drop-outs or felons. I even heard one person saying he was mad because he couldn't get a better job due to the fact that he had to pass a piss test for anything he wanted to do. Also knew a guy who was chronically unemployed because he couldn't stay off of drugs long enough to pass a drug test."
 "To many idiots."
 "I have heard of this before. I will get some for myself and my party.   How is the dosage? Would you recommend pills, capsules or mixed? Also... Are you familiar with ongoing consumption of this to keep my levels balanced? "
 "I know, sadly, people seem to think a logical argument is ultimately right even if the assumptions are wrong, and it's unsound. "
 "It sounds like you're talking about an initial launch of a new technology. Of course there's bound to be some hiccups. If you go to home depot now, or any other store where self checkout machines exist, they've become the standard and work extremely well. I think you would be hard pressed to say that in the long run they weren't a huge cost and effort savings for the company. "
 "Not only that, but skilled trades are a *must have* for maintaining our society. It's ridiculous how many college educated individuals can't replace a simple light switch or don't know how to fix a leaky faucet and yet look down on the people they have to call to do what they can't."
 "People who come from a family full of mental disorders and who has exhibited symptoms of a mental disorders in the past, most likely is going to have a mental disorder. "
 "Society needs waiters and waitresses.  And those people should be paid enough to live healthily.  Not extravagantly, but healthily, which is a dang sight better than they're getting paid these days.  This does, of course, go for all workers.  If the job is important enough to pay someone to do, and also has them working all day, then they should be paid enough to live healthily."
 "It's called a rotary. I guess this is what i see wrong"
 "My friend is giving me a really hard time for choosing to stay in for NYE. I just paid tuition, my credit card bill, and my rent. I have $300 to my name, and I'm going on vacation with my family in two weeks. Between now and then, I have to be able to put gas in my car, and I'm not working. I won't be getting a paycheck until February 15th.   And she's giving me a hard time for it. I just can't afford frivolity right now. And NYE is never that much fun for me, especially when it's in my hometown (I hate being back here), surrounded by people I don't really care for, in a town I feel trapped in, paying for drinks I can't afford. She doesn't pay for rent, tuition, clothes, or gas...and she's judging me? Ugh. My wallet is $5k lighter, and I'm feeling so stressed out. I wouldn't be fun to hang out with anyway."
 "All the stolen signs from the streets, malls, or elsewhere."
 "haha i try, i try.   hope you have a great party. wuhuuuuu"
 "Goodness, records, YES!!! Glorious records! The best thing I've learned from my job is keep as many records as you can. My management tells me it's simpler to make a phone call, but I tell them that it's easier for both of us when there is documentation. I will mainly go with e-mail, supplemented with phonecalls.          They're managing multiple buildings, how on earth could they possibly remember what I told them last week if seemingly no records were made on their end? Better for everyone so there's no \"he said but she said.\"        This is definitely a GREAT piece of advice for OP."
 "Aliens "
 "Gardening/farming use it to cook and sell."
 "Student at Hogwarts. "
 "I often do that too, happened a couple of weeks ago and the 5 year old I care for looked at me from across the room like I just sneezed all over her face or something."
 " 3% of the workforce is on minimum wage  I think this figure is misleading because it doesn't include people who *barely* make above minimum wage, like those that make $8 an hour. The difference between 7.65 and 8 is like $60 a month. Whoopie."
 "The picture is exactly what I needed. Thanks."
 "A turtle. I would imagine that they are chill as fuck like in finding nemo."
 "You've been paying attention, good for you!"
 "My country spends too much money on the military. Like way too much."
 "Did you find what you needed?"
 "I CAN SHOW YOU THE WOORLD"
 "I wasted a lot of time getting stoned and playing video games. "
 "Which car i want to drive. I have to factor in which one has the most fuel in the tank cause filling up cuts into my \"better things to do with my time\" factor.."
 "*Soccer"
 "Korean isn't as difficult as other Asian languages though because Korean uses an alphabet that was actually invented. Traditional Mandarin and Japanese are much harder to learn because they're symbolic languages. "
 "\"Nice guy\" isn't a good description of anyone's personality. Men who refer to themselves as \"nice guys\" tend to be oblivious douches who think that they're entitled to women's attention because they hold the door open. If you're genuinely a good person that should give you an advantage with women, but I'd suggest reflecting on what exactly that means. "
 "Well to be fair I thought you were a mean person in an elitist kind of way for saying they shouldn't do it if they don't automatically know how to do it perfectly. But I do think you're over thinking it if you think people are trying to impress people by using them when they dont know how. Some people just don't know how and will try because its one of the few opportunities in their life so far to try."
 "Job creation doesn't happen overnight. What about those people out of work for the 5 or 10 years it takes for those new jobs to become a reality?"
 "New Year's is over here. I fell asleep on the couch at 10pm. Lame."
 "You can be in any thread you want, but in a thread marked serious a comment like   The real world is calling you and it would like you to check your privilege and wake up.  is going to get downvoted, and ought to be.  Personally I agree that a full time job should pay a living wage, but you're never going to convince anybody of that by being that condescending."
 "MA trafficlights are the worst too. Its just a 5ft light bulb on a stick I can never see them in time."
 "BOB SAGET, I'd love to be ridiculously UNfunny for a while... Oh shit-wait!"
 "In that same vein: Marijuana Use Triples Among Gary."
 "Daario Naharis from the show - for obvious reasons."
 "I don't think the tin flavor would be very appealing.  "
 "Isn't Australian minimum wage something like $16/hour and unemployment rate at 6%?"
 "American Psycho was a first date movie for me... it explained a lot about him, actually. "
 "The problem here is that you're justifying minimum wage rates using a simplistic Supply and Demand curve **model**.  Trying to peg minimum wage using something so simplistic doesn't work. Why are wages so low? Simply because the people in firms who set the wages want to pay themselves more, and nothing is stopping them. With high unemployment and with every other firm following along with the same strategy, there's no reason to pay anymore than you have to.   If we actually wanted to say \"from a Macro perspective, what are the best wages to pay?\" you'd see a lot more profits flowing to workers on the lower end, since them getting paid better has a more direct impact on a firms success (through customer interaction, economic activity etc) then sending most of those wages up to the top."
 "Daycare teacher here...   That would make my life so much harder..."
 "where did you find that piece of garbage ,teen life quotes? i bet your one of those people who buy into every bit of thrash the media shoves down your throat please educate your self, "
 "HEHEHEHE SOUTH PARK REFERENCES SO FUNNY. Seriously, as an artist Kanye is a genius."
 "So many wi-fi capable devices, so few wi-fi hotspots."
 "Doesn't matter what little things are illegal. Case in point; anyone behind the wheel of a car. Especially in Texas. Where apparently having a big truck means you're allowed to park across 5 spaces because your dumb ass is driving a 30 foot long vehicle in a city. "
 "That's awful for those guys."
 "HONK HONK!"
 "For fucks sake, it's NEW YEAR'S EVE.  GO OUT and find a drunk girl to bang tonight, it's the easiest night of the year"
 "*Too"
 "Actually, it can backfire very hard - if you're gunning the gas and spinning your wheels, with the steering wheel turned, you will spin like a motherfucker when they get traction"
 "Nothing would be different? Asteroids don't affect us"
 " Did you know that most third world families would consider this a life of luxury?  This adds nothing at all to the conversation except a snide implication that an American should be *happy* to be living on the streets, begging for spare change and dumpster-diving for food.  Please refrain from this sort of useless \"contribution\"."
 "I was ranting in traffic about this. Most people can use a blinker without even taking their hands of the wheel. It takes very little effort. Stop being so damn lazy!"
 "I love when I am laying on the couch and he wants to get up on \"his spot\" but my legs are in the way. He stands there and stares at me, does a little growl. I tell him I won't move so he jumps on my legs and weasels his way around them. He stares at me, groans for about a minute while he tries to push my legs off the couch, then he either gets off or I give in. It's just so funny to watch him act so human and get annoyed. His birthday is also Christmas and believes every present is for him. We can't put gifts under the tree until the day of now!"
 "assembly line type stuff.  Monotonous repetitive stuff that would make me stare at the clock all day.  Nightmare job for me.  No disrespect either, people that do this are simply better at it than me."
 "Meh, my deodorant is inflammable, let me throw that in the fireplace. \\*BOOM*   =  R.I.P /u/Liights.  Cause: Burning Deoderant.  ="
 "Dawn of the dead."
 "Stories I regurgitate from reading reddit anecdotes"
 "Either Swedish or Norwegian. It sounds cool and I wish I could live in one of those places. And Swedes reaaaaaaally understand what personal space means."
 "Haha, I was gonna say cheese slices too! We only had real cheese when I was growing up and I would go to my friends houses and think cheese slices were an amazing treat."
 "that i love my job as a food scientist. you'd be surprised how many are interested to hear about someone else actually enjoying their job. not necessarily a story, but a decent conversation"
 "Thank you. This a thousand times."
 "Block them on Facebook!"
 "I'm gonna need the name of that porn star."
 "Samanthas are down to earth and have great conversations."
 "Yeah getting all defensive and insulting isn't a good way to make a point.  You still miss the point there's a lot of places offering free wifi. I live in a small-ish town and still can think of a half dozen places within walking distance that offer it. Internet is NOT a necessity."
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Please don't remind me of my past nightmares. *shudders"
 "Remo Williams from the Destroyer series. "
 "I just watched this last night! My one thing about that movie is that the blonde girl got blown up. Why did the blonde girl have to go? She seemed like a nice person!"
 "It'd be great if we established some kind of crosswalk convention-- say, a painted box at the edge of the sidewalk.  If a person stands in the box, cars **must** stop and the pedestrian **must** then cross."
 "\"Get busy living or get busy dying\""
 "\"What doesn't kill you makes you stronger\" -Kelly Clarkson (What Doesn't Kill You)   Yeah no, what doesn't kill you can leave you a paraplegic or vegetable."
 "My cat always greets me when I come home from work. She bolts down the hallway and just plops herself down in front of me, stretching. I love it.  That's not super adorable, but the thing she does that is unique (I think) is that, if I'm home, she feels the need to have me stand over her while she eats and I have to either have a hand on her or pet her while she eats."
 "Jerked off with a yeast infection. Made it 3x as sensitive but it hurt like a bitch after and I had to decon EVERYTHING. "
 "Cat General Says War On String May Be Unwinnable."
 "dude, this comment fluffing sucks. You stupid dingus!"
 "This is the correct answer."
 "Bitch."
 "Tickling. "
 "Instructions unclear, dick stuck in zipper. "
 "Only fat people and really skinny people look bad in them. Skinny jeans are a necessity with boots. Don't say things like this."
 "Derrick Rose would give u gold "
 "It doesn't, but if you raise the income of those burger flippers they have more buying power as consumers and are better for the economy."
 "It is 00:17 in UK now, so I guess my first food and drink is going to be a packet of cheddar cheese  bacon crisp along with a carton of ribena.  EDIT: I stayed in."
 "Chris has the opportunity to change when he is hired.  Also, since Cheynee or whatever her name is, clearly isn't good if she hasn't gotten a promotion in 4 years.  Also, that degree in business is an indication that she A. Wants to open her own business or B. Wants to work in upper business."
 "Lol, my dad use to do this every year. He's probably doing this now!"
 "Yes, but then we should base it off of income, not something which happens to be correlated with income. There are a lot of poor kids out there who aren't part of a well known minority."
 "He said strangest, not most offensive."
 "You signal your exit dammit. "
 "OH, haha"
 "I would kick the teeth in of the guy that kept bullying me for no reason, also I would try to be a lot happier and stop worrying so much about nothing. "
 "I completely agree. I worked at an extremely high volume, fast-casual restaurant. Although most people would describe it as a no-skill job (they are right in some respects), sweating it out on your feet while having to move around incredibly fast was not something everybody is capable of doing. The amount of money that anyone worth their salt was being paid is atrocious and insulting, especially for the adults that worked there.   "
 "\"Atleast you're trying.\""
 "You mean retroactively? Source?  Who got their education for free?  "
 "No offense, but you sound like someone that has never managed minimum wage employees. I was an assistant manager of a BK in college and when staffing the kitchen there were some employees I knew could do the work of two people and staffed accordingly. There were some people that could handle front line alone and if I staffed them I could send the second person home early and save the company money. Conversely there were employees that would never be able to close by themselves because they'd drag their feet and turn a 30 minute close into an hour and a half process.  There is a lot of elasticity at the bottom wage where you can't exactly fire people because you need every body you can get and turn over is already so high, but corporate or the owners WON'T sign off on raises even when you show them cost/benefit and productivity analysis showing you could pay employee x 30% more and you'd still be saving them money.  The real problem is that owners and corporations don't have much flexibility and if low skill workers try to prove they're worth more through hard work, ingenuity, or excellent time management that is more often than not used against them.  As for just firing everyone, well you could try that, but I think you'd see the difference immediately between someone that has worked a job for 30 seconds and someone that's worked a job for 3 months. On top of that, if you tried to fire and replace your entire staff you'd most likely have to close until they were trained. Good luck trying to pass an inspection from the health department with 25 brand new employees.  As far as supply far exceeding demand, look at Applebee's and Walmart's response to the ACA. Initially they capped hours, cut benefits and tried to institute the same kind of heavy handed policies I think you're saying they could. Walmart lost so many employees and couldn't attract retrain employees to the point they couldn't keep their shelves stocked or the registers manned, and ended up losing billions of dollars and had to not only reverse their policies but sweeten their starting benefits in order to attract employees. Applebee's lost so much market share and profitability they fell below Denny's.  The problem isn't that simple, for a long time employers had a massive upper hand, but the economy is starting to recover enough and enough places are hiring (especially at that tier of work) that there are enough options for people to walk away from abusive employers, after all why should they care? It's not like the employer has done anything to foster employee allegiance or goodwill in that case.  Right after college I worked for a contractor that would sell my labor for $35/hr but only pay me $20. A bunch of us found out they renegotiated a couple of the contracts so that they were making $40/hr and they did this by convincing the client they would be able to attract much better quality and efficient workers with broader skill sets etc... they still just paid us $20/hr and kept the rest as profit.  So is part of it due to economies of supply and demand in the labor market? Yes. But a huge part of it is employers pushing the envelope to see what they can get away with until they break their own systems and take a hit. "
 "To women: every time you guys wear heels/shoes without socks and after taking them of do all your guys feet smell gross?"
 "Dick pic to the girl I took on a first date yesterday."
 "What is \"we really hate when people call our city this\"? Jk, but most people here seriously hate that. I think it's silly."
 ""
 "Wheel of Time. I'd be Mat Cauthon."
 "Instructions unclear: Giving backwards piggy-back ride."
 "[The Avatar: The Last Airbender ^^The ^^Legend ^^Of ^^Aang ](#s \"In the final episode where Zuko and Azula have their final showdown. Them flames.\" )"
 "Prince of Persia.  THEY HAVE BRITISH ACCENTS."
 "We don't have any gays jews or black in the same classroom. "
 "Unisex names tend to be douches/bitches example: Jamie"
 "Yeah we were looking at T-Mobile. It's unlimited plan looks pretty good actually, especially when buying 2 phones. I just was wondering how great their service is? Is ATT faster? I'm guessing it also depends on the area as well."
 "Getting pulled over does not always equal in getting a ticket. The Cop may have explained the wrong to the person and sent them on their way."
 "Cunt puncher and the anal destroyer. "
 "I'm new here so I have no idea what reddit gold does. But I would definitely pay it forward. How could you not?"
 "A concrete bust of Mr. T."
 "related: people using the mouse to move the cursor when filling out consecutive fields on a form instead of just pressing tab. It bugs me at least. "
 "\"That's going in the folder!\"  *fapping intensifies*"
 "Til: Redditors don't know that your balls are outside of your body to keep them cool."
 "This does not account for the at least somewhat skilled labour that only get minimum wage.  These include things like certified nursing assistant/home health caretaker, child care provider, EMT, automotive technician, lifeguard, and ski patrol.  Between these sorts of jobs, food handlers, and sanitation, we put a heck of a lot of trust in people we are not willing to pay a living wage to."
 "My money is totally on Darth Vader but not because of his Storm Troopers"
 "...Why isn't it?"
 "Tbh because I work harder than some others. I think that a person who works machinery in a cabinetry shop deserves more than someone who flips burgers at McDonalds, I've done both and many more trust me McDonalds is not that hard. Frankly while McDonalds may be able to afford to pay all their employees 15$ an hour that cabinet place cannot pay them 25$ an hour. \"Just pay them all the 15$ minimum wage then they were already living off that they'll be okay with it!\" You say. They tried that in soviet era Russia it didn't work very well. Why would I work my ass off at cabinet place when I can have an easier time at McDonalds?"
 "Thanks!"
 "Thank you! It would have been nice if you actually contributed to a debate, though. Instead of just being an asshat. "
 "capitalism"
 "and now I want a dog"
 "You clever little shit. If I did that everybody would be proud because all I ever did was sleep, ask to feed me and poop. Basically a cat."
 "Where can I submit a bug report?"
 " Food preparation? Not so much. Cashiers and janitors? I don't see that being shipped from China. Car-wash? Doubt it. Anything?  While none of these are particularly ripe targets, most of them *can* be shipped overseas.  Many of these already have been shifted off-site (though generally not overseas):  * food prep - most fast food places receive their food partially prepared to minimize the prep needed in store  * cashiers - this is two jobs, order-taker and money-taker. The first one has already been moved off-site in some cases (e.g. McDonald's has experimented with connecting drive-thru customers to a central hub of order-takers). The latter is begging for automation.  * janitors - you've got me... for now. Don't rule out innovations here.  * Car-wash - not easily shipped off, but easily automated away"
 "Hot trannies and beastiality "
 "What's the name of the app?"
 "You're not allowed? How does that work"
 "I drank and smoked too much a few years back.  I ended up falling asleep in the bathroom of the place I was at after I pissed, shit, and threw up simultaneously. I hope to never get that trifecta again"
 "what are you complaining about? Yes, one person might not have the needs of another person so its best to just screw over everyone and keep shoving all of the profits earned by the workers into the pockets of the top .01%. I get where you are coming from, I heard about that billionaire's son that didn't get the aircraft carrier he wanted for Christmas so he had to settle for his own island in the south pacific, poor kid, if only these poor people knew how much he wanted that aircraft carrier maybe they'd all be nice and take a pay cut."
 "Then why are you on /r/AskReddit, this place is a notorious closely racist place"
 "I had a friend when I worked in Seattle, who found a website that sold hardcore drugs. I guess you needed to download some sort of device to order it, but due to his research it panned out. That's all I know."
 "Haha made me lawl"
 "Dirk Moeller didn't know if he could fart his way into a major diplomatic incident. But he was ready to find out.  The Android's Dream by John Scalzi"
 "Grade 2 == Second grade."
 "anal"
 "What about your body? What is it telling you?"
 "I'm as unracist as the next person, but if I have a fuckload of resumes, half of which are going in the trash without even a glance, Shakweesha Latifa Mambazo's is going in the trash. "
 "In cases like this, (if you aren't comfortable telling someone to be quiet, or shushing hasn't worked) ALWAYS go and grab an usher. A) it's their job B) the time it takes for you to go grab someone is less time away from the movie than if you were to sit there politely, but mentally seething and plotting their deaths, and C) ushers LOVE telling people to stfu, or leave (they deal with bitchy customers daily and never get to be rude back, it's the one time to assert dominance)  Source: worked at a movie theatre for 4 years. "
 "Which by the way does not help with the White Collar population looking down on us  honestly, my opinion on that is that they can go fuck themselves if they want to look down on skilled workers. If it's so menial, do it your damn self and I'll watch as your house burns down because you did it wrong. Life has a way of kind of eventually showing those people why skilled labor exists."
 "***Enhance***"
 "Pauls can't do anything right. "
 "Fondle my boobs. Also, as someone who's bi-curious, I would probably go out and try to get laid. See what their side is like. Then use what I learn for future partners."
 "If you are the person with too many items, the people in front of you in line don't matter; they'll be done before you start.  There's never anybody else in line *behind you* when you get into a line. It's the people that walk up and get into line *after you* that get screwed when you have too many items. Even if they walk up when you are almost done, you took too long buying 13 items instead of 10, or whatever the overage.  Also, most people are too selfish to leave the line when they have too many items and a line forms behind them."
 "...like not being a Jew?   ^(Source: Am a Jew.)"
 "I love a happy ending."
 "Related: Not wrapping them in something before they put 'em in the trash.  I don't want to go to throw away my q-tip and see a bloody tampon."
 "I like my asses like I like my coffee,  ground up and in the freezer..."
 "Letting the mellow yellow and flushing the brown down."
 "Two in the pink and one in th-WHY DID I THINK THAT WAS A GOOD IDEA?!?!"
 "Am aware of that subreddit :)"
 "I'd happily live in the Star Wars universe, even if I was only a nerf herder."
 "This.  Placebo effect and the brain Functional imaging  upon placebo analgesia shows that it links to the activation,  and increased functional correlation between this activation, in the anterior cingulate ,prefrontal , orbitofrontal  and insular cortices, nucleus accumbens , amygdala , the brainstem periaqueductal gray matter ,[77] [78] [79]  and the spinal cord .[80] [81] [82] [83]  These changes can act upon the brain's early stages of information processing: Research using evoked brain potentials upon painful laser pulses, for example, finds placebo effects upon the N2P2, a biphasic negativepositive complex response, the N2 peak of which is at about 230 ms, and the P2 one at about 380 ms.[41]  They occur not only during placebo analgesia but after receiving the analgesic placebo (the areas are different here, and involve the medial prefrontal cortex ,posterior parietal cortex  and inferior parietal lobule ).[84]  Different areas in the higher brain have different functions. The prefrontal involvement could be related to recalling the placebo and maintaining its cognitive presence in a \"self-reinforcing feedback loop\" (during pain an individual recalls having taken the placebo and reduced pain reinforces its status as an analgesic).[85] The rostral anterior cingulate cortex (rACC) and its subcortical connectivity could be related to the expectation of potential pain stimuli[86] [87]  The higher brain works by regulating subcortical processes. High placebo responses link with enhanced dopamine and mu-opioid  activity in the circuitry for reward responses and motivated behavior of the nucleus accumbens, and, on the converse, anti-analgesic nocebos responses were associated with deactivation in this part of the brain of dopamine and opioid release.[78]  (It has been known that placebo analgesia depends upon the release in the brain of endogenous opioids  since 1978.[88] ) Such analgesic placebos activation changes processing lower down in the brain by enhancing the descending inhibition through the periaqueductal gray[78]  on spinal nociceptive reflexes , while the expectations of anti-analgesic nocebos acts in the opposite way to block this.[80]  The brain is also involved in less-studied ways upon nonanalgesic placebo effects:   * Parkinson's disease : Placebo relief is associated with the release of dopamine  in the brain.[89]    * Depression : Placebos reducing depression affect many of the same areas that are activated by antidepressants with the addition of the prefrontal cortex[90] [91]    * Caffeine : Placebo-caffeinated coffee causes an increase in bilateral dopamine release in the thalamus.[92]    * Glucose : The expectation of anintravenous  injection of glucose increases the release of dopamine in the basal ganglia of men (but not women).[93]    * Methylphenidate : The expectation of intravenous injection of this drug in inexperienced drug users increased the release of dopamine in the ventral cingulate gyrus and nucleus accumbens, with this effect being largest in those with no prior experience of the drug.[94]  Present functional imaging upon placebo analgesia has been summarized as showing that the placebo response is \"mediated by\"top-down\"  processes dependent on frontal cortical areas that generate and maintain cognitive expectancies. Dopaminergic reward pathways  may underlie these expectancies\".[95]  \"Diseases lacking major 'top-down' or cortically based regulation may be less prone to placebo-related improvement\".[96]"
 "And that is why I don't wear boxers. Boxer briefs or briefs, to keep your junk on lockdown."
 "When I was younger, I had a lot of problems with my mother, and as a teen I was furious at her because of the things she had done to me. Sometimes I actually wanted to hurt her back, but I felt week inside because of her, so I spend my time in my own anger.   One night I had a dream, I don't remember how it started, but I remember at one point I was fighting with my mom. I wanted her to do something, which she was uncapable of, and that made me really angry.  In the dream I felt really strong, and I started fighting my mom and physically hurting her. Each time I hurt her, I grew bigger and she grew smaller, and at first that felt great, finally being the \"big one\". But with each hit, I also grew more angry, and the angrier I got the more I wanted to hurt my mom.  And then suddenly my mom tells me to stop, but in my voice, and I look down and it's me, and I am my mom. And in the dream I had this epiphany, that hat only generates more hate, and no matter how much I would hurt my mom, it wouldn't help, because it would only make me more angry, and I would be the \"monster\" I hated.  After that I worked hard to turn things around."
 "I had to wait 12 hours on a bus to cross over to the U.S from Mexico. It's a pain in the ass process... every bus has to have all the baggage removed, have the baggage inspected, have the bus inspected, and have the passengers checked for proof of residence.. Word of advice: Anybody traveling to the states from Mexico... get off at the border town, call a taxi, and cross with the taxi.. saves you approx. 11 hours of wait. "
 "They're pedophiles too now? That show is just starting to get interesting."
 "So your saying people flipping burgers are chefs now?? Man I had no idea. Time to rethink my entire culinary universe. "
 "I love em! Mac Heroine is my dream lipstick, and I'm tempted by Lime Crime's D'lilac."
 "Salami nipples *cringes*"
 "Alright as long as they don't have a problem. Obviously other positive things about a person can outweigh the negative. "
 "one of the worst things i have ever seen. omg. will never forget"
 "we go clubbing ^^^for ^^^seals"
 "Science is Hard."
 "\"Sorry hunny, that's not mine\" - Walks out - "
 "I lived with her for a few years before getting married and had everything we could need. We registered for a honeymoon. Completely paid for it. It was nice to not worry about that cost on top of the rest of the wedding expenses. "
 "I can peel a banana. :-| "
 "This is what happens when your name ends with -sky!"
 "I was rushing to go to work, and putting on a pair of uniform pants I had worn the previous day. (Hey they were still clean!) I get to work and walk in the store, and my coworker looks down and says, \"what's that?\"   My underwear from the previous day had fallen out of my pant leg and onto the floor of the store. Frilly and polka dotted. Had to grab them and run to the back to stuff them in my purse. Mortifying."
 "Still not 2014 here yet. But im guessing it is where you're at, so happy New Year to you!"
 "It really depends on the type of lobbying. For example, lets say Congress is granting drilling rights on federal land. Obviously, they would have to talk to the oil lobby to discuss what land the government doesn't need and has oil underneath it, and negotiate the price of a permit with individual companies.  And say the oil companies want land on a National Park or near a reservoir. The environmentalists do not have anywhere close to as much money as the oil lobby, so Congress does not hear their opposition as much."
 "Soy Ron Borgoa?"
 "Fake tan and bitchy"
 "To be 100% fair here, people usually want more.  Some people do. As far as I've seen, most people just want to exist without having to push themselves too much.  We have a guy in our office - let's call him Stan. Stan is a solid guy. Nice. Young. Able. He puts in the minimum amount of work possible. Suddenly the dynamics of the company are shifting, and there are jobs going away. The company is downsizing a few positions, and it's musical chairs for the last few open spots. Think anyone wants to keep Stan around? Not a chance. Another worker, let's call her Jill, is also young, and a go getter. She produces, and is constantly trying to find ways to add value to the company. Within 30 days, she's going to end up landed in his job, and he'll be out having to look. Oh, the company will do it the way it's done now: they'll close his position, and open up a \"new\" position and allow them both to apply for it. But so far as I can tell, it's a done deal.  There are way more Stans than Jills out there. I've seen it again and again. It's relatively easy to distinguish yourself in middle America and make yourself indispensable to whoever is signing your paychecks. People are lazy, and if you force yourself to not be so, and look for ways to add value in everything that you do, eventually you'll find yourself with opportunities that you never imagined before.  Most people wouldn't know what to do with opportunity if it sat in front of them. Most people aren't in a state of mind to recognize it for what it is. Most people see the world as an unfair place, and themselves being the chief victim."
 "For me the opening movie line is \" I was born a poor black child\" by Steve Martin in 1979's The Jerk and for the book it's Charles Dickens A Tale of Two Cities. \" It was the best of times, it was the worst of times, it was the age of wisdom, it was the age of foolishness, it was the epoch of belief, it was the epoch of incredulity, it was the season of Light, it was the season of Darkness, it was the spring of hope, it was the winter of despair, we had everything before us, we had nothing before us, we were all going direct to heaven, we were all going direct the other way - in short, the period was so far like the present period, that some of the noisiest authorities insisted on it's being received, for good or for evil, in the superlative degree for comparison only."
 "Reading this thread, I'm wondering if people are opposed to child labor, or slave labor.  With zero regulation, sure, we can treat people like dirt. It takes society coming together, to raise the standard. We can talk about how beneficial it is, at least in the short term, to pay people just enough that they can barely stay alive. Or why pay them at all, they'll probably waste the money on something that doesnt' taste like shit, that isn't actually shit, and maybe they'll waste money on medicine that can extend their lives beyond the number of years they'll be optimally useful to us. Just give them some grub to fuel their organs for the 20 hours a day they'll be doing our bidding. Then have them dig a hole to sleep in."
 "Minimum wage is just that, a minimum to START with during employment. It does not mean that you are at that wage the whole time. you start at minimum and then progress to a better wage. You get a promotion or because you have worked there \"X\" amount of time you will be paid better. However, you need to show that you are worth that extra pay.  For example, I was paid minimum wage for the first 6 months of my very first job. Since then I have progressed via promotions and hard work. I transferred to other companies that saw my potential and gave me a raise to switch companies. I now make a large multiple of minimum wage at the company I work for. I really don't worry about living paycheck to paycheck. I can take a vacation whenever I want to.  People that only work minimum wage their whole life are there because they want to. Either Because they don't want to work hard for it or because they are comfortable with the position they are in. In either case, I'm not in the least concerned with their predicament. They are there because they want to.  Sorry, but in reality it is true. The harder you work in progressing the better you are paid. I know because I worked for the place I'm in now."
 "And so does everyone else who doesn't use unemployment. Either way you look at it, they get the better end of the deal. Unemployment *insurance* is supposed to be just that: a backup payout in case you lose your job. Not a supplemental income you depend on every year. Get another job and work year round like the people that are paying for your vacation, aka just about everyone else."
 "Facebook up, hit the lawyer, quit the gym."
 "I would like to be Simon Tam - because "I think that's a very positive way to contribute to the lives of others. Just be sure to take time outside of work for self-care. A good diet, regular exercise, and separating work from your personal life are important in order to avoid burnout. "
 "But it had *shiny plastic hubcaps*"
 "Driving."
 "Most doctors would rather you smoke pot than smoke cigarettes."
 "\"riverrun, past Eve and Adam's, from swerve of shore to bend of bay, brings us by a commodius vicus of recirculation back to Howth Castle and Environs.\" - *Finnegan's Wake* by James Joyce"
 "that what she said"
 "Actually, if the work in question isn't that valuable to society then they should be paid a wage that reflects that lack of value. Sorry but putting 40 hours a week into \"work\" doesn't blindly entitle you to a living wage, full stop.  "
 "You're welcome, good luck with that!"
 "I went to middle school with her, although we never talked much. As a freshman in high school we began talking on Facebook, and although I lived in another state, I fell in love with her and we started a long-distance relationship thing. Typical cheesy high school kid love. After two years of endless talking on the phone and texting, I moved back to the city where she now lived, where we went to middle school, and where she went to high school. I went to her same high school, finally got to see her for many years, and all around it was fantastic. I dabbled in drugs here and there and I was much more focused on this new world than her. I started paying less and less attention to her, but she was always there. Smiling and putting up with it.  Next thing I know my mom had to move to get back with my dad. So after a deep depression I finally managed to say goodbye to her on a sidewalk, where for hours on end she just layed in my arms remembering all the good times we had. With tears in her eyes, she finally said goodbye, and walked away. That was the last time I saw her sweet smile, her deep blue eyes, and felt her touch.   When I moved away we maintained the relationship for a few months.  One night I couldn't sleep and I knew something was wrong so I called her. She said she couldn't handle it anymore, she couldn't do this long-distance thing where she can't even see her own boyfriend. She was sobbing saying sorry and we can still be friends and so on. I just said \"ok.. goodnight\" and hung up.  I haven't talked to her since then, that was three years ago. Actually, I've texted her just recently but she doesn't really talk much. There's nothing to talk about anymore, and she doesn't have that enthusiasm to talk to me she had long, long ago. She's moved on. Now she is nothing but a phantom, a memory, a character in a story I seemed to have made up.  More than a mere girlfriend, she was my best friend. She was the only one I could talk to. Now I have no one. I miss her everyday of my life."
 "Dracula would never do that. do you know how much wool costs in 19th century Transylvania?"
 "When girls have six packs. I'd seriously rather have some love handles to grab."
 "*Brian   Brain is dyslexic when it named itself "
 "Was this an ironic joke? Please tell me it was"
 "Until you find a wadded up piece of toilet paper that's all crusty. :'("
 "i finger-peck too, because that's how i always did it and i cant get used to the standard method. but everyone who sees me typing on the computer says i type really fast, and i do. multiplayer gaming helps with practicing if you use the chat a lot."
 "Matts are pretty solid. I'd lend a Matt a $20 and expect to get it back in a reasonable time."
 "Stop using reddit"
 "You should be."
 "It's Minecraft! Why did you take so long to reply?"
 "You just pretend not to know Thai"
 "The world. Love is so beautiful, I'm so lucky to have the real thing, finally. Its important to me, to shre my love with the right person, and have a fututure with someone. I am so happy right now!"
 "Translation since I read it wrong the first time.   My boyfriend jokingly told me to not say something because it would sound like his ex wife.   Plot twist: She's his first wife. "
 "It is light hearted. I totally misread what you meant. It's so hard to convey over the internet."
 "We say step on a frog here in midwest.. that one's good too"
 "I will take note of that..."
 "My dog purrs like a cat. If you pet him or hug him he makes a purring sound. It's really wierd. He also goes insane if you cover your head with your arms. When he was a puppy, he once tried to protect me by attacking a bucket of lit fireworks. They blew up and he ended up getting his whiskers burned off"
 "When I was making minimum wage at a small furniture company, I was against raising the minimum wage.  I knew that it would prevent deserving employees from getting raises, and that I would be in danger of losing my job.  "
 "God doesn't want us to be pagans"
 "In an ideal world the money people pay in tax to the government that gets given to the poor would just go to them directly in the form of higher wages or more jobs, with lower tax bills all around. In the real world however, businesses try to keep their wage costs down while simultaneously reducing their tax bills using clever accountancy, therefore offsetting their responsibility to their lower paid staff. We have the situation where people are working all the hours they can for their employers, but the employers are expecting the rest of society to help make sure they're fed and clothed. Your ideas of responsibility are limited to individuals, but not to businesses, and by extension the individuals that run them."
 "Alcohol, nicotine, chocolate.  But you can keep it all if we can have weed. "
 "Good luck!  It's probably b/c she is *too* comfortable with you, lol.  "
 "For sure.   Then we can also bail out big companies when they make bad decisions. We can spend obscene amounts of money in an effort to eliminate the natural Highs and lows of the economy.   Because fucking with markets always works so well. "
 "Because the market really does control prices; products are already usually priced at what the market will bear. Less money will just go to shareholders and upper management bonuses which are way out of line with their actual value."
 "I doubt you have worked very long in a retail store, because a warehouse and a retail store are VERY different. In a warehouse there are no consumers to interact with, you are simply moving things from point a to b. In retail this moving and rearranging are secondary, the primary job of most retail workers is to provide customer service and sell product."
 " But i'm just curious if our current technology could actually make something like this or if it already is in production.  [Some researchers are working on adapting the Kinect to convert sign languages into spoken "Alcohol. Either legalize weed or make alcohol illegal. Alcohol can be so much more destructive to people's health and their families."
 "20 year piano/guitar teacher.  Even if you can only practice 15 minutes a day, do that, longer if you can.  Get a teacher if you can, even if it is for a few months.  Having someone to correct you and point you in the right direction will cut tons of time off of just learning on your own.  But what ever you do, DO NOT QUIT!  You will suck for a while, but when you crest that hill, it will be all downhill from there."
 "They look good? Don't be a dick"
 "The 3 of us were pretty disturbed. She cries pretty often though. It's a usual thing with her. "
 "Tossing his phone into the ceiling may have been crossing the line."
 "Ironically, plumbers make extremely high amounts of money if they're smart. $100 to fix a toilet here? $200 to fix a leaky pipe there? *It adds up.*  I've known quite a few people in the service industry like plumbing, mop the floor with money because they're in high demand in their area."
 "But you just posted..."
 "independence day... will smith's wife is a stripper. YOU CAN DO SO MUCH BETTER WILL!!!"
 "Uneventful."
 "That's the point he's making. Costco wants to keep their employees around to reduce operational and training costs. McDonald's doesn't, because they can train a new fry cook in a day. "
 "  Why should somebody who makes 100 grand pay 60% income tax while somebody who makes less only pays 50%?   To pay for the upkeep of public infrastructure they use to derive their income or profits. More income usually = more use of that infrastructure. Also, unless your tax system is completely arse-backwards, they'll still have more money than people who earn less and pay less taxes.   minimum wages doesn't benefit the whole society. It simply relocates money from person A (the employer who now makes less profit) to person B  People in lower income brackets tend to spend more money when they have more money, which leads to their cash being injected directly back into the economy when they buy goods and services, increasing demand for that stuff and creating jobs.   other economists think it will hurt the economy since there are less investments and savings on the company's side  Those investments can now occur through a range of different businesses because more people are able to buy their stuff.  Money doesn't trickle down. It trickles up.  "
 "damn barking spiders "
 "Uh... you don't. They either come to respect you, or they don't... and either way it's not your problem or lack thereof."
 "It's euphoria with a needle.   Happiness without a line.   Kindness without a smoke. "
 "Nah man I totally agree. But his songs with kendrick I don't mind.   So he's okay too.   "
 "People complaining about celebrity news and gossip being lame as opposed to reading and discussing real news."
 "The first thing you will need when you move into your own home is a bin. Buy a bin and plenty of bin bags"
 "idiot."
 "Using the rowing machine at the gym. It always looks like their hands are playing leapfrog with their knees."
 "Make the piss coming out of my dick go on a straight line everytime, and make cum easier to clean."
 "**THE BEST, THE BEST, THE BEST**"
 "I was like, \"hey, that sounds cool. Maybe I'll try it!\" But then I thought about how gross it would be."
 "att..,flexibity among phones, good price and coverage"
 "I suck at parking, but I at least give it a second try when I don't get in straight."
 "I disagree.  Beyond a certain level of comfort and security plus the ability to do fun things, having money creates more problems than it solves.    If you don't get that, you have never had a lot if money.  Having enough plus a little more is awesome.  You don't have to worry, you have funds to pursue your goals, and yet you still have the pleasure of delayed gratification for some things.  You don't have enough money so that everyone dislikes you or judges you for it, but you have enough so that nobody pities you or judges you for being broke.    Being rich is overrated.  Better to be genuinely loved for who you are.  That's true bliss."
 "oooo that is an excellent idea!!"
 "Caliber."
 "Jack in the Box has order kiosks in some stores. I agree that these establishments could roll them out in no time at all if needed.  If you want to keep the human element you could also outsource the drive-thru order-taker overseas, though you'd want to make sure their English is good."
 "We're too passive. Sorry. "
 "You, me, and the majority of other ordinary people are just the playthings of the rich. "
 "**DON'T SHIT IN MY SINK, RHONDA!**"
 "[Man On Internet Almost Falls Into World Of DIY Mustard "Robitussin.  I was sick as hell from like Jan 1 - Jan 4."
 "Stewart and Lorraine. Also to be specific, the skit where the nurse is trying to find the women's baby. I will attempt to find the link."
 "The whole government system. USA"
 "                                                                                     The joke            My head"
 "Yea, shitty intersection at that. You better know what's up before you're there, or you're a mile in the wrong direction before you can turn around. "
 "I always thought it was \"Like I could care less\"."
 "Nice try NSA"
 "Fatal Attraction is probably one that people actually watched on a first back in the day and walked away very disturbed. "
 "My country has steadily become proudly anti-intellectual to the point that it's embarrassing.  "
 "I have a nervous twitch where I pull my phone out and spin it around between 2 fingers...how much would you haute me for it?"
 "maybe yes? maybe just for girls"
 "Schmearing a bagel.  You're supposed to spread the knife right over the hole so there is a big glob of cream cheese in there waiting for you when you get to the center of the bagel."
 "Veto. Let's have sex instead. "
 "Lol.  Your country is going down the tubes because of increasing concentration of wealth (which means most people can't afford to be consumers in a culture built on consumerism), even billionaires like Warren Buffett are calling for greater taxation of the rich, and you reckon it's all too hard on the wealthy! Actually maybe your right, hurry up and get it over with, except that when America falls to bits its gonna make a mess."
 "I'd be part of a quad in Sword of Truth"
 "I've seen a news story on it, but people act like it's some sort of widespread epidemic. "
 "HEHE TRY LE BERTSTRIPS!!!  Never heard anyone say it like that.   "
 "As a 'nice guy', who has 'finished last' a lot, I believe this is a generalization, but has there is a truth in it, which I believe is closer to something like 'Why does being nice not get me to where I want to be?'. There is a lot of good advice and some truths in these comments already such as being funny, being able to offer something, and not worshiping the ground girls walk on, moving on after a rejection, etc.. so I'll add my own $1.02.   You are probably willing to help girls and guys alike when they ask for help, for nothing in return. You probably don't see what is so attractive about going out and getting drunk and risk getting jailed, and you probably too intelligent to understand why you need to wear your pants around your ankles to be stylish. You are not doing anything wrong, and I guarantee you there is a girl out there that appreciates an honest and caring guy, but who knows where she is and when she is going to appear, so for now you do need to change if you want access to those social cliques you see around you.  Firstly, you have to be attractive. I'm sorry if this sounds cliche, but if you want to get close to a girl, she has to feel comfortable being seen with you. However, even ugly guys can get laid, and this is where style comes in. Ditch the baggy, comfortable pants, get some slim jeans, get a collared shirt from a good brand, or better yet, ask a sister or other female friend who is stylish and willing help you. Girls love doing this. Worst case, if you have no help, check the internet, browse fashion magazines, find a persona that you think you are close to, and try matching it... no fedoras please... So now you look like a douche on MTV, but that is what is popular, and just because you dress nice, doesn't mean you have to have the same attitude.  When helping people out, make sure you are benefiting from it, or get favors in return. For example; ask other people for help more often, but it has to be honest, and you have to know they can actually help you, and not trying to drag them into helping you when you know they can't. When they directly refuse to help you, then that is fine, just don't help them in the future. This is when you know you are being used. This is where people start thinking you have become a bit of an asshole, when in truth, you just started standing up for yourself. When a cute girl asks you for help, say it straight and with confidence (not arrogance) Listen. I like helping you, but if I help you I want a favor in return. If she says ok, then push forward  There is a new movie/bowling alley/concert I want to see/do/goto, and I'd like you to go with me If they say no, its up to you if you want to help them just as a friend, or not help if you feel you are being used, but now at least you have made your interest clear.  And lastly, be able to relax. This is where I still fail sometimes. I still don't see the benefit to getting sloshed every Friday, or breaking the law in small but self satisfying ways, and this cost me a relationship. An average girl wants to have fun, and get a thrill out of life. At your age this means doing possibly risky things. Don't force an opportunity, but if you ever have the chance to go to a party, just say sure. You can draw your lines, and you need to be able to walk away when they are doing something stupid, and not worth the consequences (hard drugs, breaking and entering, etc..), because if this is what it takes to get the girl you are interested in.. then it is not worth it. Also, don't do anything compromising that can be used against you in the future. I take my own risks in my own ways, but being older and independent gives you more legal options.  Keep in mind a lot of what I just said can be generalized into larger situations... basically, be confident, be able to adapt and willing to change, and appearance matters. If you don't want to change, then don't. Like I said, there are other girls out there, be patient, but there are benefits to having 'fun' when you are young.  Good luck and wish you the best."
 "I'd prefer if our bodies just ran at peak performance on junk food. "
 "Unfortunately sperm is best synthesised at 35 degrees Celsius which being two degrees below body temperature means we can't have out testicles behind our ribcage where we would like them to be. "
 "The same way Quark spends it.   *wink*"
 "A woman"
 "I empathize with you now."
 "Body parts that solely exist to get fucked up.  Toenails seem to do nothing but get ingrown.  Teeth are a huge fucking hassle.  The appendix seems to exist just to give surgeons something to do.  Wisdom teeth literally can't grow in properly.  Fuck it all.  And sleep.  It wastes my time."
 "Thanks Obama"
 "Woahhhh. I mean there's some violent shit in hazing, but I have never heard of a pledge class having to roofie a girl to be initiated..that's just horrible.  I have a feeling you won't tell me, and it's cool if you don't, but what university was this chapter at?"
 "Money can't buy happiness, it can only buy stuff that gives you happiness."
 "oh no...not again.."
 "Well, its highly doubtful a complex lifeform such as mogwai would be capable of having a self-sustaining energy source, which means they would have to draw their nutrients from somewhere. That said, what defines the act of eating after midnight? Is it simply ingesting the food after midnight or is digestion the relevant factor involved here?"
 "oh man, i remember the first time i watched this video. i was laughing so hard i was crying. i showed it to my friend  she just couldn't get it. (she didn't know who kafka was)"
 "That accident must have really messed you up."
 "Basic arithmatic, especially anything with fractions."
 "Someone making you happy. You making someone happy, which in itself makes you happy."
 "Sorry."
 "I have a pug. Her tongue is too big. It literally does not fit in her mouth. It hangs out about an inch while her mouth is closed."
 "Live life all day"
 "The more you mess with me, the more I will do in order to strike you down; for I will be no one's floor-mat to be trampled on."
 " So basically, use your left and right brain in tandem like we already do? We must go deeper than that to find true reasoning.   That's why I said:   For best results, include the discipline and curiosity you've described above.  Edit: Thanks for the rabbit."
 "Racist, uneducated, VB drinking, bogan fucks."
 "Chad is a dick."
 "I, myself, could use some wolverine claws."
 "You mean you don't enjoy cheering on your local high school while dressed as a druid? What is wrong with you!?!"
 "There's no trick. You sit, or stand, or lie, or walk. Then you think. Then you don't. "
 "enlighten me"
 "I'd be a grownup witch in Harry Potter. Aww yiss, motherfuckin' magic to get my shit done. "
 "I live in a...I call it an up-and-coming city. It used to be fairly rough. Now it's experiencing a resurgence of arts, culture, urban spaces, lower crime, etc. I think it's great. All my college friends who never leave campus moan on about how shitty of a city it is, and I'm in love with it. There's so many free things to do, just by strolling around in it! There's so many big, gorgeous parks! So many festivals to go to with delicious food and great music (so cheap!), museums that let students in for free on certain days of the week. You see so much beauty just by walking."
 "Painting, electrical/mechanical work"
 "My mom died when I was younger.   I always have this dream over and over about her. We are in Mexico, I can't see her face, but my family is having a great time. I keep trying to talk to her, but she's ignoring me. She comes down the water slide with my sister, and I want to go too. She says she has to grab something from the hotel room. I follow her, and I walk into the hotel room. Its really bright outside, but inside it's dimly lit. There are dark red/brown handprints all over the wall (it's a mirrored wall) to my left. I follow the handprints trying to find my mom, I can't find her anywhere and I'm calling out for her. there is this extreme sense of loss and sadness, but I just can't find her anywhere. Then I wake up. "
 "And what school is that now? I bet he's enjoying his stay now."
 "I got some back, if I recall somewhere between 400-500.  Which is nothing to scoff at, its a lot of money."
 "Sweet"
 "[College Basketball Star Heroically Overcomes Tragic Rape He is this not the top answer? Incredibly powerful satire that proves you can make a rape joke without making light of rape or mocking the victim."
 "uggs"
 "Literally "I'm sorry if I'm misunderstanding but does that make it wrong? Since when does not having money need \"justifying\"?"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "In Singapore, both chewing gum and bubble gum are illegal. But everyone just gets them from neighbouring Malaysia anyway. "
 "That is a parenting problem, not a legal issue. What sort of idiot parent lets their elementary schooler down energy drinks at breakfast?"
 "My dad was in all 3 (MASH)"
 "I now have you labeled in RES as \"never had anything handed to him.\"  What socio-economic class were you raised in? Note that if you say anything other than \"bottom 1%,\" you most certainly HAD something handed to you.   "
 "For a while in Northern Alberta when the most recent oil boom started fast food employees were enjoying $20/hr... but the cost of living there was horrendous and those inflated wages were only temporary. "
 "Local area bowl cashed"
 "\"The most merciful thing in the world, I think, is the inability of the human mind to correlate all its contents.\"  The Call of Cthulhu, by H. P. Lovecraft"
 "Just stop. "
 "What if youre in your late teens/early 20s and still live with your parents?  I worked full time at a grocery store during a summer and again at a book store during an 8 month period when I took a semester off, neither time did I wish for independence. I also took a low paying internship (not mimimum wage, but still pretty low) knowing that the experience would be invaluable.   Don't get me wrong...I would have prefered to get paid more, I was just thinking of examples in my life where I had minimum wage jobs without the goal of living independently. "
 "Work out"
 "Ah ok, thanks"
 "Yes!! I enjoy my touch on my boobs, but honestly, another's touch on my lovely fleshy orbs does very little for me. Until you bite. Then it does wonders. "
 "You always know who the tourists are. Especially at the Smithsonian stop. "
 "From my observation, it goes  * Open Internet Explorer  * Bing is homepage, search for \"google\"  * Click link to go to Google.com  * Enter search term"
 "Literally every single person from San Francisco has told me the *exact opposite.*"
 "Part of that \"95%\".  "
 "Probably a normal cat thing, but I love it when I scratch my cat on the lower back near the tail because she lifts her rear end up, then when you stop scratching, she sets it back down. "
 "If you're gonna be a repost policeman, don't be a nazi."
 "You came from the top posts blog thing right?"
 "No, because in the end I realized I didn't really need anything to be devoted to.  I guess you can say I'm devoted to my job and the work at the farm, because those are both things I do because they make me happy."
 "You insultin' my "Whoever Colin McRae is, he says it wrong.  \"When in doubt, throttle out.\""
 "Yaay budgies &lt;3 I probably already commented on it, lol."
 "Just so you can use me like a piece of meat and make me your 18th? Sure, I'll get in."
 "I don't know anyone who says that. Where did you hear this?"
 "Merging traffic. Alternate feed is super efficient and people just refuse to do it. The ME first attitude causes everyone including you asshole, to take longer to get to your destination."
 "High school can suck but you can change that. "
 "2013 was the year that I got better. I feel better than I have in at least 5 years. Here's to hoping this year is your year, friend :-)"
 "Don't take everything seriously, or else you'll stress yourself out for no reason."
 "You'd have to catch up to him first."
 "So love is not drugs. "
 "That's just... oh god"
 "But what if he *is* gay?"
 "Aaah, hello there penis... To my dismay, we meet again."
 "What exactly is wrong with economic slavery? Despite the misnomer, it's not slavery. You're not being forced to work for nothing and you're not being exploited. You're working voluntarily based on an agreed amount between the employer and yourself. If you don't have a choice because you will die otherwise, then that is your problem. You're a slave to life - not the economy. If we suppose there is no economy, you're still forced to hunt for food or else you'll die and that is how life works. With the economy, you can trade other services for food so instead of being forced to hunt, you're forced to work.  Don't be selfish to feel entitled enough to be paid luxuriously without working. Where do you think that money comes from? Off other people's hard work. No one is immune to economic slavery. If everyone stopped working to abolish economic slavery, then guess what? Everyone dies because there is no one to leech off of. Food doesn't magically prepare it self.  I am a supporter of a minimum wage (i.e. to cover basic necessities as the current minimum wage does). I am not a fan of a \"livable\" or luxurious wage because that would be taking advantage of the greater society's generosity."
 "Achieve aeronautical lift with my legs. Got it."
 "That's not exactly how it works because people tend to (and should) keep a constant safe amount of time between themselves and the car in front of them.  So if one car merges between two cars where the car behind is travelling at a safe distance behind the car ahead, both the merging car and behind car have to then slow down to re-create a safe distance between cars.  "
 "Learn some Spanish. It will help you out a lot."
 "Welcome! It's a bit inspiring too!"
 "Chucks are total bad-asses."
 "Oh, I agree with you. The video presented a few cases in the form of interviews with young people who had quit. None of them had gone to college (that the video showed) and stated that the work was just too hard. The video then interviewed workers at the foundry or whatever it was and they said kids these days \"are just too soft\". *Edit: The video may have been biased, it's been too long for me to remember clearly.*      I think in some cases, it could be about entitlement and in other cases it's just the fact that young people today aren't used to that level of physical labor and/or have other options. I have seen both cases in my lifetime.      Edit: I feel I should point out that where I live, oil and gas is a booming industry. Oil companies are snatching up pretty much anyone they can find that can read warning signs and plopping them on a rig in the middle of nowhere. I see a lot of people who have quit because it's \"too hard\" and are having financial trouble because they can't find a decent job (I work in the financial industry). I look at their employment history and ask what happened to the job they had and I get a varied list of why it didn't work out, but usually it's because they couldn't handle the physical demands of the job or the long hours they worked. That said, they aren't out there getting a \"good\" job with less hours and an easier work load, they are out there getting minimum wage jobs and then trying to get a loan to cover their bad budgeting habits because they are still spending money like they still had that oilfield job. I see this pretty much every day."
 "I recognized the reference right away. I have watched that movie so many times. Just watched it again last night."
 "Pasta with sauce and cheese or something simple like pasta tossed in a light drizzle of olive oil? Like should I have an order of lasagna or pasta salad? "
 "It's very important to me on a certain level but I've known couples who do not have the same views and they seemed pretty alright with it. "
 "That was rather rude"
 "Love is not the recognition of perfection, it is the recognition and acceptance of the opposite.  "
 "O'Neal, who scored 12 points and grabbed three rebounds during the first half of the game, returned to the bench at the beginning of the third quarter, clutching at the pulled pork sandwich and informing trainers that it was incredibly tender."
 "Agreed."
 "Score a great promotion, get a much better house and give my family what they truly deserve. "
 "Very well put. I just wish I would run into one of those some time... I'm also 23 (24 in a couple weeks) and you are correct, our generation is a mess..."
 "The air is thick with irony in these parts.  "
 "I crafted that chair."
 "I'm sorry that he came before you did."
 "Yep, parts of ND are now as expensive as Manhattan."
 "There are a LOT more people you can train out there to work a menial Dunkin' Donuts job, hence the supply is very high and they're not going to pay you as much.  There are fewer people out there that can pass off as having *some* level of technical proficiency to work at ATT. Yes, your strongest salesman knows little about the product, but she is part of a group of people that has a level of class, maturity, social experience, and intelligence to work around selling technology. That amount of people in her group is MUCH less than the amount of people that can fit the bill at Dunkin' Donuts.  The more unique your assets, the more you will be paid. Sometimes you need to work REALLY hard to get those assets (look at engineers that have to work hard in high school  college before getting the skills to have an entry-level job). Other times you just get lucky with some amazing talent.  BTW, all jobs require training. The high paying ones (like an engineer) require just as much work as you had to do as an assistant manager. The difference? You have to spend 4+ years studying complicated stuff and be good at it before you can even get STARTED. You get started right away at Dunkin' Donuts..."
 "The landscapers i know, don't do anything themselves, but have insurance, provide the trucks, and pay the guys, yea i guess they aren't literally landscapers themselves, they're job really is to just get accounts, and collect money. "
 " teacher who claimed to have had sex with a 'doctor' for months as he claimed that the medication could only be administered via his penis.    OK, I'm sorry, but, if you're that stupid, you deserve what is coming to you."
 "Oh god... "
 "porn"
 "?"
 "I bought into that crap back in 2006. I tried to slowly build up mileage, run in the most minimalist shoes I could find, etc.., but I could never string together more than a couple months of running or go above 40 mpw without having issues. I've been running for 2.5 years now without injury back in normal shoes and back to the way I used to run and finally broke my PRs from 2004 (16 min 5k, so I wouldn't consider myself a hobbyjogger).  I was always told I was a very efficient, smooth runner too so I don't think improper running form in minimalist shoes is what caused my problems. Idk, it just didn't work for me and that whole minimalist thing seems to have just been a fad that I unfortunately bought into for too long."
 "Fax machine"
 "Now kiss!"
 "A living wage should allow a frugal person to afford shelter, security, adequate food and water, enough transportation to continue working, and enough health care that being struck with disease at random is not an instant death sentence. Access to the modern communications infrastructure that underpins society is also a requirement, as all of these things become more difficult without it.  Your definition brings new meaning to the words \"slave labor\"."
 "Yeah, because I'm making fun of the people who feel the need to link it every goddamn time"
 "Let's just say I currently have $700 after all expenses of rent, gym, internet, electricty on bring home, so not counting what is taken out of my check at work via 401/insurance on 30K, and like i said, i'm living comfortably. If prices go up even slightly due to wage increases, that just added to the prices going up naturally based on supply/demand, inflation and taxes getting more since it is percentage based. So, let's say after natural increases, wage increase causes prices to go up 10ish% that's a $.99 burger going to about $1.09, now the sales tax on this is higher on top of everything else on the back end as well. Margins shrink. When margins shrink, cuts are made. When cuts are made, quality goes down. When quality goes down, well, we all know where this is going...Don't be the guy living off of 30K instead get directv instead."
 "I actually have, the effect for me, personally, is almost negligible. Thank you for your reply though."
 "I don't shop at Costco because I don't need a year's supply of toilet paper and can't really justify the cost of buying a year's supply at one time.  It's not my fault that Wal-Mart has cheaper prices and pays their employees less. I'm on a budget too, I don't have the luxury of shopping at more expensive places just because I might disagree with corporate greed."
 "I'm a little late for this, but here goes. My biggest turnoff is bad teeth. It can turn a 10 into a 1 IMO."
 "TL;DR Government and world thinks we're stupid; we continue to prove them right."
 "Can confirm, Mexico has no bubble.  Source:Live in border town."
 "Did OP say that his mother had cancer?"
 "This is a cool concept because if you don't hold true to it not only are you a liar to others, you're a liar to yourself."
 "Sitting at home because I have to work in the morning. I'll be watching CNN because I think Anderson Cooper and Kathy Griffin are hilarious."
 "Came out of the closet!"
 "So I'm supposed to put it in neutral before removing my pants? Or can I just push my clutch in? "
 "An old Point/Counterpoint:   **Point:** U.S. Out of My Uterus By Jessica Linden    **Counterpoint:** We Must Deploy Troops To Jessica Linden's Uterus Immediately By Gen. William Patterson, U.S. Army"
 "See what's in Tom Cruises basement."
 "What bothers me about this whole discussion is that people, especially on Reddit, think that they are the sole reason for their success. They never think about the fortunate circumstances that they were born into and how other people don't have those circumstances. Their decision making and life choices are born from those circumstances. Seriously, guys, watch The Wire.  Some poor people are able to get out and they should be commended. But those are the \"cognitive elite\" who were going to survive in any circumstance. I think I'm pretty smart guy, but I'm not so bold as to say that if I was put in worse circumstances that I would be successful. Maybe I would, but I'm reluctant to classify myself that way.  IMHO, the US should represent a society that helps foster people regardless of the class with which they were born into. The wide education gaps between rich areas and poor areas illustrate that that's not happening. "
 "My one dog does this thing where I will talk to him and he does a howling/barking thing as a response. It's as if we have full blown conversations together. Every time I say \"ok\" to him he stops talking. It's the weirdest thing in the world but funny because it feels like he's actually speaking to me.  He also likes to listen to Bob Marley on the regular. If I put the Bob Marley station on Pandora, he falls asleep within minutes. It's the cutest thing but so so strange. "
 "I haven't really heard many stories about myself but my aunt told me one a few months ago about when I was just a few months old, that I had the cutest little ringlets/curls and looked like a little dolly, sadly these day my hair is just like Rubeus Hagrid (Until I straighten it). I had always wondered why my hair goes curly in the rain."
 "I found the trailer for \"Son of God\" full of so much cringe. "
 "Yes^ ."
 "Natural instinct to make that person happy, well, safe.  At the same time, feeling happy, well and safe when you're around them.  "
 "Ok, so I guess we should all live where you do then."
 "The two economies aren't comparable. The US has a much larger worker base, much more diversified industry, and a way higher GDP to support. You can't really just compare two economies like that, especially when there's obviously way more factors that influence unemployment than just minimum wage."
 "STFU already. (Feel the need to say that was not directed at the OP)"
 "It's not over that mark in most markets. That is why main wage workers need food stamps and other govt programs, that is why they don't have health care that they can afford. Not to mention that you have to budget for the real world, where the avg fast food worker is 29 and people are human beings with real world situations to deal with. I think the main wage should be higher like in other countries and Walmart and McDonald still makes healthy profits.   I want companies to pay people enough that they don't have to go to the tax payer ever month. "
 "Next government not being able to do pro-cyclical fiscal policy to dampen the effects of the recession -   Have you been paying attention? We had a stimulus package, multiple bailouts, Fed guarantees, Fed purchasing mortgages, treasuries, an expansion of food stamps and unemployment insurance..."
 "Reading your post reminded me also that the wage is really only important in comparison to the cost of what we could consider necessities in life like cost of living, utilities and food. If these things were cheaper (especially cost of living in CA) then it kind of goes without saying that most people wouldn't mind making less. "
 "Freedom"
 "Riley, Cory/Cori, Taylor, Jordan, Morgan. Yup this one hits the nail on the head."
 "Never stick your dick in crazy."
 "Oww, that sounds painful"
 "African American Community Terrorized by Ask Murderers"
 "I could see where OSHA and other types of regulations might come into play as well to make this a little cleaner (especially if you draw a line at 18...24 is a bit high).  For example...I worked at a bakery in high school. When I turned 18, I was considered old enough to mill flour (the machine was not particularly dangerous seeming or hard to operate, but those are the rules). At this point, I became clearly more valuable to my employer and it might be reasonable to allow for lower wages to young people who can't legally complete some tasks. There are probably all sorts of other requirements like this where there are age rules in place (and 14 and 15 year old employees certainly can't drive cars, and many states have provisional licensing for younger teens).  Also, kids in school have pretty limited scheduling options so they aren't as versatile as an adult.  With situations like these, ageism is less of an issue.  The company can save money by hiring younger people, but they might not be able to do everything, they won't be able to work at certain times, and odds are they aren't going to stick around when they finish school.  And since most younger people don't support themselves, they might be more willing to work for a decreased wage.   Sucks for an emancipated 17 year old, but it is not like having a lower minimum means that the only jobs available will pay the minimum."
 "Claim my balls. In your mouth.  And to you as well. "
 "NERDS!!!"
 "Apply directly to forehead"
 "Damn, I'm so jealous. "
 "I never knew they existed because I'd never seen them in porn.  I think she may have been a bit offended because how taken aback I was, plus...teenagers.  It all went okay, in case you were wondering."
 "Love is drugs without the need to take drugs. "
 "Step one finished.  Thanks for the program.  It didn't work though.  After I finished step one, I started touching my dick again."
 "Hmm. Male Jamie I know is awesome. The female Jamie I know can be a real bitch."
 "don't let mean people on the internet effect your daily life"
 "You see, it's perfectly simple.  All you have to do is one of these things: &lt;list of escape plans that require more opportunity, income, or help from their family/networks than people on the edge generally have. items in this list tend to also hinge on perfect luck."
 "Do the infinite fall trick. But that would probably be a bad idea because, when I wanna get out I might die."
 "U want fuk?!"
 "My cars got a supercharger so I guess I take it for granted lol. When I did a trip to Puerto Rico for two weeks and had a shit rental car I realized how lucky I am to have one."
 "Cuz most kids are just shitty pieces of recycled DNA."
 "Damnit wesley! Shut up wesley!"
 "And now i have that song from \"Hercules\" stuck in my head. Thank you very much."
 "Gotta do the texas tuck"
 "South Florida: Jews and old people."
 "I love a fruity cocktail as well."
 "Apply directly to forehead"
 "*Alabama as "I know this thread is about men, but the same can be said about women who watch porn. The expectations on real men based off porn men are highly unrealistic."
 "I am currently taking a shit. You know? Tossing some squirmy dogs."
 "And when they do anything at all it takes them forever."
 "You don't see this mentality in places like retail. (maybe that's a problem with the management decisions, or maybe that's because they feel that a good retail employee isn't worth twice as much as a mediocre one).  You just outlined the supply curve, again. How many people will apply for those retail jobs and meet all the qualifications? Now, conversely, how many people will apply for top end engineering jobs and meet all the qualifications + have an outstanding portfolio + have connections via networking, etc?  When you are a commodity (the CS students you mentioned), you are worth more money than if you are extremely common (everyday person who can work retail). It sucks to hear, but it is simply a fact."
 "Girls that become belligerent or slutty when they're inebriated. "
 "Talking about this using of self checkouts I try not to use them because I want to keep the cashiers working and getting paid. Only if the lines are very long at the grocery store and I have a few items then I'll go to self checkout. Say what you will about Targets card troubles, at least they employee real cashiers but have no self checkouts yet"
 "Not possible. You would still need to fire the portal into the vault, and I'm pretty sure that thing is sealed right up."
 "I like feet. Maybe not that weird but still. "
 "Not quite yet at least. "
 "He needs to come out of closet anyway."
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "never get back with an ex. "
 "Women are fucking awful, though."
 "I think the short answer is that companies are usually paying a \"livable wage\", it's just that the people complaining about it believe a livable wage should support more luxuries than it does.  If nobody thought the current minimum wage was livable, then all of these companies would have no workers and they'd be forced to raise it to the point where enough people thought it was livable that they'd be willing to work. But given that they'd only raise it to that point and no higher, they're catering to the minimum necessary number of potential employees, and all others (ie. the vast majority) would consider that wage unlivable."
 "Thanks for the replies! I've heard about the bacon sandwich the next day. Possibly with an egg fried on low with a small amount of butter on the skillet. "
 "That it doesn't exist. "
 "Oh that would have been classic."
 "I'm still better off than chef, so yeah"
 "I'm going to go twenty. And get on to a 55 mph road.   Also people in America are incapable of looking for holes in traffic behind them. They must merge forward. We need to work on drivers ed.   Also, some guy did a right on red in front of me today and I had to slam on the brakes and slow to 20 so I didn't hit him. "
 "My saluki/rottie x was abused as a puppy. She never, ever played but has always loved cuddles and was super affectionate as long as you weren't a man with a beard, wearing sunglasses, in a uniform or holding a pole or stick, in which case she would run away from you. Anyway.. One day I brought this girl back to my house and my normally placid walking carpet suddenly turned into a vicious attack dog. I had never seen her act this way, it was terrifying and I had to wrestle her into the laundry (she weighed 50kgs). Turns out this girl was an IV drug user and shouldn't have been in my house. Ever since that day my dog turned super protective and had an especially good nose for junkies. I always trusted her opinion of people and as far as I knew, it was never wrong.   My favorite quirk of hers however was her cunning patience. We had a lot of parties at our house and tall wooden fence that people would often jump over... once. My dog who was completely black would wait and watch them struggle to get over this fence, never making a sound until they had overextended and were committed. Once she knew they had no escape is when she would turn into a battle dog and bail them up. Smart puppy"
 "because you worked hard to become qualified to do cabinetry and enough the work?  Not to say i disagree with you but that is the main reason i would think to work in a trade like that is because you enjoy seeing the results of your work."
 "[You can start with :)   Sorry, I didn't read the whole thing. Well on my way to sweet New Years intoxication."
 "Sharon,  you're pretentious as fuck and are more boy crazy than Justin Bieber fans. Also, not cool that you gave him a hand job, bitch.  Love you. "
 "Ayy bby u lik tape n CDs cuz imma tap my dik to ur hed so u can CDs balz"
 "Fuck Everything We're Going With 5 they actually did go to 5 blades.  "
 "My first (Hobbit) and second (Wheel of Time) have been taken, so...  Every junior high student in the Republic of Greater East Asia knew what the Program was.  -Battle Royale, Koushun Takami"
 "Probably spend a few hours making sure it was safe.  Throw a football through it, then maybe a puppy and eventually I'd probably pay a homeless guy to go through to make sure it didn't fry your brain or reassemble your molecules in the wrong order.  Stuff like that."
 "If you stop breathing for long enough, you'll stop breathing for forever! :D"
 "Icelandic.  It's a lot better there than 'murica, but the language is really hard."
 "Lasagna or pasta salad sounds good! Eat some for too! Yum!"
 "K Dots my all time favourite rapper, but **IN MY OPINION** I think Ab Soul is just weak. He has the dumbest and corniest lines and no flow"
 " $675  Jebus, you can't even rent a bedroom in a mouldy basement shared by four other students here in Vancouver, Canada for that much. "
 "Hmm, interesting"
 "You mean, *stop* smoking cigarettes..."
 "  If their current job doesn't pay enough for them, they can do what's necessary to get a better one.  You assume they have both the opportunity to \"do what's necessary\" and \"a better one\" available. The problem is that often, one or both of those is lacking.   Forcing the employer to pay them what they desire to do the job they choose is just welfare by another name.  I fail to see the problem with the belief that my countrymen deserve to be treated better than beasts of burden."
 "It's effectively life slavery no matter how you cut it. Suicide is preferable to a lifetime of that."
 "Yeah my dream would have been to be married to my high school love, live in a nice apartment but hopefully looking at buying a house, and just overall not have to worry about money.  I did marry my high school love, do have a decent apartment but a house is a long way away on the horizon, and though I'm not rich we do have enough to put food on the table, pay the rent, and afford some luxuries. Close enough."
 "If my *skills* command $10 an hour, and suddenly minimum wage (no skills) is raised to $10 an hour then shouldn't I get a raise too?  And on up it ripples until everyone is right back where we started but our money is worth less.  You assume that someone currently at a living wage of $20 an hour who has managed to invest in themselves in the form of acquiring skills will keep working for now what is the minimum for non skilled work, if the minimum is suddenly $20."
 "mouses   Meese   FTFY"
 "After our midterm quiz our big was revealed. Everyone failed their midterm, no matter what and the big was waiting outside to console you...and then tell you it was all bullshit"
 "OP stands for \"original poster\". Suppose OP posts a picture of a mysterious safe that he discovered in his basement. OP had damn well better follow up with pictures of the inside of the safe."
 "It shuts up the voices in my head."
 "I was really stressed out, running on little sleep, and in the throes of finals week this past semester when I decided to take a reddit break. Ended up on [this The giggling built as I scrolled and I was finally reduced to hysterical laughter. I collapsed on the floor with tears running down my face, unable to talk. I was a solid ten minutes before I could stand again. It came at the perfect time, right when I needed a really good laugh. "
 "My dog loves sitting in my lap and resting his head on my arms or legs. Its not much but it makes me very gooey on the inside."
 "My answer: Edward Snowden "
 "Life isn't fair? Then why make it worse? Why should we let the poor go to war and die because our economy is in shambles? Because \"life isn't fair\"?  Life isn't fair, you're right. That's a fact but not a reason or even an excuse."
 "Jennifer Tilly and Gina Gershon"
 "What? I can't hear you from there."
 "Well I, for one, like to see the Google Doodle."
 "True, we currently have ascending tax brackets, yet income taxes are not all that their is to it.  Tax brackets have fluctuated anyway.    Poorly-worded on my part, since I did not specify, but we cannot ignore things like capital gains, abuse of \"charities,\" and also real estate.  If I recall correctly, households with over $400,000 incomes can write off significantly more in interest deductions than houses with average incomes.  I don't remember how much more, but I do believe that it is a substantial number.    These factors are quite absurd.  The upper class needs little help.  "
 "(testify brother)"
 "Lots of corruption."
 "Sleep"
 "Twiglets and water, unfortunately."
 "It even looks like he may be holding the lighter in his left hand.  You can see the projectile in [this and based on the arc I'd say it's definitely coming from the area that the guy with the hat is standing.  Further, I think that you can hear it make a sound as it is released from his hand and that would place the thrower just to the left outside of the frame of the video which matches up as well."
 "You wouldn't get to sleep, you'd be constantly waiting for him to finish his sentences. I imagine sloths talk like Ents."
 "Yikes. I guess I should have specified that it seems the one who initiates the breakup seems to be colder. There's no real all encompassing phrase for breakups. Been on both sides of this situation, I ought to know better. "
 "My congratulatory remark was in your ability to eventually revise your comment to make sense. And not to toot my own horn (honestly if I could I'd never leave my room) but I helped you by proofing.   Also I did comment my own two cents about how true democracy is stupid. "
 "Trust. Comfort. Happiness and joy. Friendship."
 "Oh yes! That one is awesome!"
 "Don't forget to pay her! Otherwise it's just play time. ;)"
 "Serious:  get laid.  ASAP.  Whoever you can get with, don't be picky.  Just bang someone, and you will feel a huge weight off your shoulders and you'll be much better and walk with more confidence.  "
 "Mikyla's are whores "
 "Interesting, I never learned about that. Thanks for the info."
 "I learned Scheme last year in one of my introductory CSCI courses. It was a ton of fun, I miss programming like that."
 "I'm a pet store employee too, I feel your pain."
 "If people being close to you bothers you, I would recommend never getting on a Japanese train. "
 "First thought was that it would be a fireplace for your screen or something."
 "CHOO CHOO MOTHER TACOS"
 "Maqwueefa may indeed be the best possible person for the job, it just isn't a very likely possibility. "
 "Southern California, it is about as good as it gets."
 "Jack the Giant Peach Slayer"
 "Because of the fact that people don't understand that people already inside the roundabout have the right of way, I slow down as a car comes up. Not because I don't get it, but in case they don't know the rules and I avoid an accident."
 "Why do you believe privacy is a human right?"
 "I hate this too, but I hate it more when they send you an email saying \"you have been unsuccessful\" and then doesn't explain why."
 "I can do it in one word... Fucked"
 "give or receive?"
 "The majority of the core is edible.  I did it earlier. It's just like spitting seeds out with oranges. Just try it"
 "  not everyone who is currently making less than the new minimum wage would suddenly end up unemployed  That's exactly what a curve means. I don't believe any serious economist who is against minimum wage increases claims all the people who make less than minimum wage will be unemployed, surely some workers deserve a pay raise because their productivity was so high that they were long due for a raise.  But we're talking about those who will lose their jobs."
 "Mom's spaghetti. "
 "I read it in like second grade but it was something like....  Even God makes mistakes. One of them sits behind me in English class.   Johnny Appleseed, I believe? "
 "Haha I'm taking a piss!"
 "The line to see Mao. It moved fast but that was the longest line I'd ever seen. I also had no clue what I was in line for, I was too sleepy to care. It wasn't until we reached the gate that I realized what were in line for."
 "The price of a criminal life, even if the law was bogus."
 "On mobile, but the article was about inner city kids being able to measure in the metric system by holding something in their hand, but knowing nothing about standard units."
 "I didn't complain about anything, and your example makes no sense about buying an aircraft carrier.  You assume every CEO is evil and that is just not so.  You mandate $15 wages or something and you will not see higher pay for more people, you will see people fired and further automation. "
 "Read. Reading makes you smary"
 "My brother has been doing this and he says he does it for this reason exactly. I kinda feel bad for making fun of him before because he probably has a lot of stress on him right now."
 "Most definitely. Actually It'd probably be pretty cheap to do it. For concept, I'd image you'd need a 3-axis Gyro/Accelerometer (device used to check the X axis, y axis, and orientation) attached to some sort of gloves, which in turn would send output to a Micro-controller such as an which would process the information, then (based on the magic coding put into the Arduino) would output the corresponding words/letters to the screen. I imagine this would be a little difficult and require a lot of code tinkering."
 "Visit some friends and spending some time with the family as well. Hopefully."
 "Maybe then they won't fucking end up EVERYWHERE! "
 "I got confused as to why there were fireworks"
 "Unless you're using them to pick a lock."
 "The type of porn I watch sometimes...geesh."
 "A few questions:  1. I imagine that rather than firing most employees, prices for many things will simply go up. Is this likely to happen? 2. If the aforementioned prices go up, will the low-income families that buy those products be just as willing to buy at that same price? (Because those low-income families will have higher wages due to minimum wage increase) 3. Would the aforementioned situation cause an increase in the economy? More money being circulated, more things being bought, less profit being focused in the highest tiers of a company, less income inequality, end of the poor man's recession?"
 "Jennifer Lawrence  mmmmm"
 "I realize it sounds silly, but I'm not running out onto the road and asking them to keep going.  There will be a massive line going in both directions and it's at an intersection with no lights.  There will be one person who stops and it causes confusion for the other drives; even if the one person stops there are others that don't, meaning I can't go anyway so the person is just sitting there holding up traffic trying to be nice.  I'm waiting for a natural break in traffic, them stopping fucks up the flow and pisses off other drivers.  I can wait. "
 "Sure, let's pretend that everyone is the same, has the same talents, aptitudes, etc, and tell them all to only pursue stable and lucrative jobs.   The problem is that not everyone is meant to be a plumber, welder, engineer, etc. If I had a dollar for every engineer or comp sci major who told me that their field is overrun by incompetent hacks who are just in it for the money, I would be rich."
 "FUCK THROAWAYS. But girls, what size of dick to you like the most? Like i heard like small and others like giant dicks. I'm in between so it's hard to know. "
 "You can do anything, but you can't do everything."
 "What's the point? Are deaf people banned from keyboards or something? "
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "High five maybe"
 "A bit of gas never killed somebody."
 "Actually, merging NK into SK would have terrible implications for their society/economy, (plus a war would probably involve bombing Seoul) so like it or not, it would probably be a really bad idea for SK to just straight-up annex NK."
 "and carry on?...."
 "/thread"
 "\"Multiple Stab Wounds May Be Harmful To Monkeys\""
 "You're getting into pissing contest with people on the road.  Think about that."
 "'em all"
 "This is exactly how I feel, my fiance and I have different views on drugs/gun control but we are on the same page with social and gender issues."
 "All of the psychology/sociology/human development classes I took have proven very helpful in my everyday relationships."
 "The reason why kids love Cinnamon Toast Crunch."
 "Yeah, probably not necessary to collage them."
 "This was a diagram I made to explain an odd fashion trend that existed only in the San Francisco bay area from 2000-2006 "Lol at this stupidity."
 "Ryans are too needy."
 "\"My poo particles are inside of you\" is a great alternative to that."
 "You're a bit younger than me but you fit right into a demographical reality, in that you're way ahead of the majority of people.  But then again, I have 2.5 degrees, no debt, and I'm highly active with excellent health. WINNER!"
 "Every. Fucking. Thread."
 "It's more like legalize the real stuff, so people stop killing themselves on the useless synthetic stuff."
 "As an employeer. I would love to pay my employees more, and am willing to do so. But you HAVE to get the govenrment out of my pocket. I stroke a check for about $2000 a week in taxes. I would MUCH prefer to give it to my employeees and contractors. Most of the people I know who own a small business feel the same way I do. And trust me, ya we have those conversations. "
 "Sometimes we answer an upfront question"
 "I like to tell this joke as a three parter, with yours being the second part.  * The zen master walks up to the vender and asks the hot dog man to, \"make him one with everything.\"  * Second is your joke *  Third, The zen masters takes a long pause as he seems to ponder the hot dog mans words, then suddenly the zen master reaches within his robes and produces a small handgun with which he shoots the hot dog man in the stomach. As the the hot dog man falls down dieing the zen master leans over him saying, \"Yes change comes from within, and by the inner peace held by all\". Then he slowly counts out his change from the 20 and walks away. "
 "Did you spill the blood of your enemies this year? Why or why not?"
 "Spanish Inquisition?"
 "I would be okay with a one child policy and a maximum age limit.  The world's population is out of fucking control."
 "Enjoy the gold."
 "Going by this map: the bulk of states are still on the federal minimum wage. If we only analyse these states, the number of workers on the minimum wage in those states will be under 2%."
 "Anchorman 2. I would watch the shit out of some news if it was staring Ron burgundy "
 "Have one more! Happy new year to you! :)"
 "Special Olympics T-Ball Stand Pitches Perfect Game."
 "Whoops, I made that mistake my first time to the ballet... Granted I was drunk too."
 "I must agree. "
 "I saw The Killers in like late 2007 in a big arena but the reason I remember it is because of the asshole behind me in the seats (it was in a sort of half of a basketball arena). He seemed to have come there right after work and he was hungry. He managed to get a big hamburger and fries during the actual performance. And he discussed with his very unhappy date whether he should go back for more.  I liked The Killers' show but i liked the show behind me too."
 " claims that it's a communo-fascist revolution in disguise that will intentionally murder people and destroy businesses because of reasons.  This is actually true. I'm British and first they took our guns away, and then NHS stormtroopers kicked down our doors and forced us to get vaccines that gave us autism.  Or maybe the NHS gave us fluoride vaccines first that controlled our minds so we couldn't stop them taking our guns. I always get those two confused."
 "Because we like wasting our time here."
 "The first time I said, \"Dada\" was on Father's Day :)"
 "You realize that the vagina already does that... right?"
 "That's nice! I'm just sitting around right now."
 "Looper. Brilliant concept, except for an ending that creates a paradox and causes the entire movie to fall apart logically."
 "CafeTacuba, their 20th anniversary show in LA.  Over 6,000 people (keep in mind this is a Rock in spanish band, not huge in the US), mainly hardcore fans singing every song with them.  It was magical!"
 "\"Are you a Babysitter?\"       \"No\"       \"Would you like to sit on me?\"       That was 3 years ago. It took me up till now to get the joke."
 "I agree that the argument you're making is correct (in the sense that this is what is posited by those who oppose the minimum wage, or minimum wage increases), but I also want to state that the postulate:  You have a minimum amount of money, that, if you earned below this, you'd just choose not to have a job at all.   Is unequivocally **false.**  History is littered with examples, up to and including the present day, that people can do and *will* work for \"less money\" - up to and including **no money at all.**  Volunteerism is the act of performing work for zero compensation, and there are many people who do it on a regular basis.  In addition, there are many examples of people taking jobs for less than what is accepted (eg, migrant workers/illegals, slaves in many places throughout history) as  the wage for a given task.  It's just simply *not true* to say that there is a level below which no one will work.    There are many conclusions that can be drawn from that statement, and I won't go into them.  "
 "But they're there to cushion the farts and make them quiet. Sneak attack!"
 "It was full time work for a winter and summer, then part time hobby ever since"
 "Katie Holmes was behind me in line at Starbucks in Ohio. I didn't realize it was her until I moved over to wait for my drink. She was wearing exercise clothes and no makeup.    I didn't say anything to her but had to make a point to keep myself from gawking. No one else in Starbucks, including the barista, seemed to notice/care."
 "Exercise. And shave that damn neck beard"
 "All cars have 4 wheel stop "
 depends, what's livable?  A single parent with 3 kids in Worcester county, Mass would need to make $38 an hour, or $76,000 a year for a livable wage.    But at the same time, some county out in Idaho may only need $7.50 for a single person to have a livable wage.  So, the question is, who's supposed to be denied a livable wage?  "
 "She can't help that her default sitting is \"bitch\"."
 "I'm an American and I'm learning Norwegian right now(mostly because I think it's a beautiful language.) And so far it's actually pretty easy to learn. The grammar, at least on a lower level, is almost exactly like English and there are tons and tons of very similar words(alle, ogs, kan, kommer, for, over, opp, fra, g, ha, hallo, jeg, meg, min, etc.) Give it a shot, maybe try out some courses on Memrise and if I'm not mistaken most cities in Norway have Norwegian language classes for non-native speakers.   "
 "Slavery is forcible.  Working for minimum wage, although undesirable, is still voluntary and therefore not even close to slavery."
 "YOLO  Swag... Pls die a horrible death thanks!"
 "Is"
 "Cancer?  That is the long term effect from dip and chewing tobaccco.  Esophogheal and mouth, neck, tongue cancer.  Nothing wrong with it?  Hmmm, I don't think so."
 "The common work week in the US is defined as 40. I think that's eminently reasonable."
 "Get in to a good College. I hope, I pray, and yet it's never going to happen."
 "- Also, since Cheynee or whatever her name is  I don't know why I didn't see it before, but now I know you're clearly a troll.  Go back to the Pokemon subreddit."
 "Nothing that's so special that it offsets our destruction of the planet and ultimately our special selves."
 "My bunny licks pretty much any bare flesh I have showing (no, not like that.) apparently it's a big part of showing appreciation amongst rabbit clans. He especially likes licking my face and hands. "
 "(Serious) Why is there a mentality that not every full time job should present a liveable wage?  Honestly, what do you consider \"a liveable wage\"?"
 "Because we also like to complain."
 "No, Rinnegan is ten times better"
 "Acting ditsy"
 "sorry to see you apologizing. "
 "[Just do what this guy "I tried that with a few...didn't end too well, but I'm a little better at not holding on to things."
 "You act like you know my upbringing. I was raised by a single mom that worked in retail for a time, and now runs a home daycare. We were on welfare for a time. But, my mother, being a responsible adult got off of it ASAP, instead of living off it for years. Welfare was an embarrassment back then. I see her daycare parents get excited every time one of them gets knocked up because \"Yay, I can finally get on welfare\". I got a job at 15 so I could help. Everything I ever got I earned. No one bought me a car at 16. Every car I had I bought myself unlike the entitled brats out there now that expect to be handed a new car at 16. I paid back my school loans, pay my bills on time, and don't complain. I earned my spot. I drive a nice car because I earned it. I'm not happy with the idea of being in a one car family that drives a Chevy Cobalt. Sorry if I don't feel bad for the people that chose to sit in idol at their shitty position in life. "
 "About 25 years ago I was all warm and cuddly getting ready for being cold and a lot of crying....... I turn 25 tomorrow."
 "Require video proof"
 "Milana Vayntrub"
 "Thank you. Commenting for future reference."
 "Make a fortune as the worlds fastest moving business or go to the Bahamas once the make money getting people there instantly or have the worlds first long distance relationship business. Anything to make a shitload of cash."
 "This is a good question! While it is admirable to think that someone should be able to make enough to live, working any full time job; the truth is its better that they don't. Here's why:  1) People should always have incentive to improve themselves. If you were making the kind of money you're making now, when you were working at Walmart and Dunkin D's, would you still have pushed yourself to move up?  2) There are many high school kids that work full time. I worked at McDonalds full time while I was in high school. Would it have been right for me to make enough money to live on my own without ever obtaining a GED or high school diploma? I don't think so. This goes back to incentives; if someone in high school can get by without finishing, what incentive do they have to finish and obtain a college degree?  3) The job market is over-saturated. What I mean when I say this is that, there are plenty of people who are willing to work full time at McDonalds, Walmart, Dunkin Donuts, etc. By improving the wages of jobs like these, you will only increase the amount of candidates for the job. With this many over qualified candidates, how are those high school kids going to get their first job?  4) Lastly, why should employers pay more? If an employer can hire someone for $20K a year to do X amount of work; why should he pay you or anyone else double that for the same X amount of work? At that point the company will have to double its prices to account for the doubled expense of wages; all while producing the same amount of goods and services.  I know that the world is an imperfect place, but it is so with reason."
 "THANK YOU!"
 "It was slow to load and was going in slow-motion... have to say it was actually better than regular speed.  I recommend someone slows this down."
 "Oh shit I woke up late again."
 "A framed drawing of JFK punching Castro in Panties that I have in my basement"
 "pedophilia is a huge turn-off for me too. "
 "entrepreneur "
 "Have one more! Happy new year to you! :)"
 "Call me Ishamel (Moby Dick)"
 "How long dope stays in your system. "
 "**Attention!** Please keep in mind that the OP of this thread has chosen to mark this post with the **[Serious] replies only** tag, therefore any replies that are jokes, puns, off-topic, or are otherwise non-contributory will be removed.  If you see others posting comments that violate this tag, please report them to the mods!   Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "It's legal in California as long as the lanes are clear. I had to take a traffic course and was shocked, because when I learned to drive in my state that was definitely illegal."
 "Condense and absorb water vapour out from the air. No more dehydration."
 "C++. Because I'm shit with code and I would love to master it"
 "My smart-TV firmware has gotten sluggish and there's no upgrade so it can take up to fifteen seconds to load a movie on Netflix. Also, my bidet attachment doesn't heat the water it sprays. Both of these things are true and not enhanced for dramatic purposes."
 "Awh."
 "Control your fucking kid or I'm gonna do it for you."
 "stuff I jerk off to"
 "Fully, fully agreed. My roommate's best friend just moved to our city and she's here all the time. Talking over people and never taking a breath, it seems. Please give other the chance to speak. It's how conversations happen and relationships are built."
 "[The rich pay 70% of the country's income "the words of one of the scared girls, \"i don't wanna be on the 32nd floor of this building anymore.\"   wise choice given the information you have."
 "I think that's the way many men and women are because of societal pressures. Men have to \"man up\" by having sex and being less emotional, and women have to protect themselves from men and sex for fear of being \"slutty\". A lot of men and women buy into all that.   I don't think it's intrinsic in us, though. A lot of men have casual sex a few times and then realize they don't enjoy it as much without an emotional connection, and a lot of women decide that they'd rather have casual sex occasionally and not be sexually repressed for fear of being judged. "
 "And this is why I wear only mascara."
 "It leads to a younger workforce in the shit jobs, but if you don't start working when you're legally able, you don't bring enough experience as an adult to justify hiring you later."
 "watch the first few minutes of \"Idiocracy\" a few times and think about what it's really saying, maybe then you'll understand where the right is actually coming from"
 "*I see what you did there*"
 "Well not with that attitude."
 "Emma Watson"
 "Bass... ass... there's something here, but I don't have the will."
 "true"
 "I'm in Ontario and I see a bunch of kids using dip at my school, I'm pretty sure dip isn't exclusively for countries outside of Canada..."
 "I think I just came a little."
 "For me, as soon as I can see the traffic on the highway I start looking back for a gap forming. Sometimes that gap can disappear so it takes time to be able to read it well. You'll get better with experience, so be cautious at first. Worst comes to worst, foot to the floor and hope someone is kind enough to let you in."
 "look at the downvotes, lol, people dont like it when you bring up the idea of cutting the rich peoples paychecks and it makes them mad. "
 "Awesome! Just two redditors, doing some excretion at the same time."
 "smoking cigarettes"
 "Bail right away-it's not going to get better."
 "Username very relevant! My bff and I have taken to \"naming\" our clots. Clotilda, Clotius, etc.    edit: typo"
 "I can see what you are trying to say they still broke the law indeed but everyone deserves a second chance especially if they have done time."
 "More like 69%"
 "I first read that as \"Jews\" and thought \"That's unnecessarily racist...\"."
 "your first time using a substance, it is a good idea to have a 'sitter'"
 "But the back muscles rather than the spine."
 "No one likes a nice guy, because they're boring. Be a good guy. Be interested in the things you are, and be confident in who you are, and people will respond to that."
 "This is why I used to be confused when I saw homeless people with cheap cell phones. But it was (and is) literally their best chance of escaping homelessness."
 "American Pit Bull Terrier / Labrador Retriever."
 "**What is the shittiest New Year's Eve you've ever had?**"
 "Right wing radio is a disease. It's Americas brain cancer. Until it is eradicated the middle class is doomed."
 "If its biblical...they are most likely virgins."
 "It's supposably. Not supposebly. And it is a word."
 "4Chan"
 "Insanely fat males don't jog. "
 " children are a net negative financially  Not that I'm disagreeing here, but you wouldn't have any references for this? I think this is a really interesting conjecture... It makes sense given how insanely expensive post-secondary education has become.  "
 "There are always expections to rules, you just managed to be lucky :)"
 " The kids got the whale on the rocket, and sent it to the Moon.  Even if you didn't get the South Park reference, use some common sense."
 "When I was 15 guy in a park asked me back to his flat for a cup of tea, this was just after he had told me he had been watching me everyday when I walked my dog. Also, he had a cockatoo on his shoulder."
 "Slutsherface"
 "Salt and pepper finger ducts... And hot sauce. "
 "[McDonald's Drops 'Hammurderer' Character From "Personally, I'm not very opposed to preference based on income and first generation college. I think \"making up for past inequality\" is a shitty reason for anything though."
 "They whipped them with love."
 "Whisky  cola. Both cheap. Ate an oliebol (Dutch fried food eaten around new year)"
 "I didn't kill enough mosquitos."
 " Our family did ok... we certainly wished things were easier, but we lived through it, got educated, and we're all pretty   Do you think that someone born to a single, alcoholic mother in a lower socio-economic class has the same opportunities at age 17 as someone raised in a middle class neighborhood with a two working parents with college educations?   Are you familiar with the research that shows that \"on average, children from families on welfare were provided half as much experience as children from working class families, and less than a third of the experience given to children from high-income families. In other words, children from families on welfare heard about 616 words per hour, while those from working class families heard around 1,251 words per hour, and those from professional families heard roughly 2,153 words per hour. Thus, children from better financial circumstances had far more language exposure to draw "This is really just depending on the woman, different for everyone.  But, for me personally? I don't like it when guys have long hair, also don't like when they fix their hair. Wax is okay, but to much and that will be a no-no too.   But you know what? It really just gives you plus points if you have nice hair. Nothing major though."
 "Yes, it is more complex but that doesn't mean that 'slavery caused the Civil War' is a commonly believed fact from history that is actually wrong...which is what you said in your original post and which an alarming amount of people are starting to believe.  Slavery did, in fact, cause the Civil War. The contention over slavery and its future in the country manifested itself in different ways that all contributed to the war breaking out."
 "It depends on your plumbing. I had a roommate in college who always flushed them, and our toilet would get clogged all the time. We lived in an old dorm that had old plumbing, and it just couldn't handle all the tampons. So, if you live in a nice/new place and the plumbing can handle it, then it's probably fine. When visiting other people's houses or in public places though it's probably better not to do it because you never know how good their plumbing is."
 "It is possible, trust me I was able to do it. Why don't you think you can accomplish this?"
 "Why is it wrong tough?I'm an ESL speaker and I thought the apostrophe meant possession,so \"For God's sake\" == \"For the sake of God\".If the \" 's\" isn't there to sign possession,what is it there for?"
 "Agreed!  (and I'm not a mean or elitist person; I still have trouble using chopsticks and prefer a fork, spoon, etc.) :)"
 "It is perfectly appropriate for you to *not* open and serve a bottle of wine brought as a gift. Besides, you may be given a bottle of wine that's not ready to drink yet anyway.  Just say thank you, and put it away somewhere safe and then continue on with your party as you had planned.  You are under no obligation to drink or serve any wine gives as a hostess gift.   That certainly doesn't mean that you can't serve it if you want to.  If the bottle is particularly interesting and/or appropriate for the occasion (and ready to drink) then by all means, feel free to serve it."
 "Most people don't work in IT or at a stationary desk job. "
 "Maybe you guys should find another place to whine and brag about your problems!"
 "Point taken, but in a older SUV without ABS, I use 4 wheel LOW to get down my driveway as opposed to brakes because it will never lock the wheels. "
 "There's actually a good cracked article on this.   I think its at the point where the phrase \"that the civil war *wasn't* about slavery\" is a better response to this thread.  The biggest cultural, economic, and political issue during the civil war was slavery."
 " TBH, that's probably because most of those people don't understand the consequences.   Of course anybody wants a wage increase when they're under the assumption that they still keep their job.  My point(s) exactly!"
 "My editor says supposebly. My EDITOR."
 "Awesome! Glad there's something good about my name."
 "**Attention!** Please keep in mind that the OP of this thread has chosen to mark this post with the **[Serious] replies only** tag, therefore any replies that are jokes, puns, off-topic, or are otherwise non-contributory will be removed.  If you see others posting comments that violate this tag, please report them to the mods!   Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Still don't know how you pay $100 in gas. 15 minute shower a day, cooking food once or twice a day shouldn't be driving up the prices that much.  If everything you mentioned is gas then how is your electricity so high?"
 "I personally just think it's a really stupid fad.. Makes people think Americans are more stupid than they are. All the merchandise is stupid, too. Bunch of idiot hicks with beards "
 "Sure does!"
 "Haha, well it's coming out fast because I'm drinking, lol."
 "My original response was hypothetical. I know if I would have left my parents' home at 18, I would have been in rough shape. Fortunately, I had sources to support me. Between family contributions, personal earnings through a minimum wage job, and government grants and scholarships, I have been able to pursue education for my career interest.   Had I not had support from other sources, the best I could have hoped for in my area would be jobs close to minimum wage. Being fresh out of high school, I would not have had the education or experience for better paying jobs. Obviously, there are opportunities that pay very well for people of those qualifications. Pipelining is a very popular option for people of that qualification, and it pays a comfortable salary. Unfortunately, I would had to move several hundred miles to that type of job.   Being on my own, with no help from others, the best I could hope to do would be to make a livable wage. I couldn't feasibly save up the funds to pursue those better paying pipelining type jobs. Over time, it is possible to say I could save up enough to pursue part time certification/education, but with the rising cost of living and the increasing costs of high-education, who is able to say how long it would have take.   For a majority of people in that situation, I would say they would need help from an outside source, be it family, friends, or government interventions.   Sure, a small percentage of people could juggle two jobs, working 60-80 hours a week and eventually build a small nest egg that would allow them to pursue other alternatives. They could use the savings to pursue education or certifications, or use it to make riskier decisions. Someone with a bit of savings could also travel to another region with different job opportunities.   I guess the tl;dr would be from my experiences and observations of friends, it would be next to impossible to escape a \"livable wage\" situation without some sort of outside assistance. A small percentage of people could scrape together enough funds on their own given enough time, but those are a small minority."
 "She a stupid hoe"
 "Mind = blown"
 "About 11 months ago, posted some goals for the year in      r/wearethemusicmakers.  Read them recently.   Most of them happened as I planned.  "
 "So many, yet I never go back to see them."
 "This. This is the best gif of all time."
 "May I ask what your BA is in and how good of a university it is from?"
 "None, cause I've never been picked up. Ugly people unite"
 "You're still treating companies as though they are divorced from the societies in which they function. They are not. You're still avoiding the question as to why we as a society allow not just \"cost-saving\" where you hire two lower-paid-but-still-decent salary laborers instead of one higher paid laborer, but rather hire fifty laborers and pay them so little they cannot afford a place to live.  "
 "Congratulations for not being part of the working class."
 "You were making false claims that I responded too. Then you back tracked and said you claims were overstated.  Next time, tell a better story."
 "There are times in life when your best just won't be good enough."
 "The problem for me is, if the company gets so efficient because of technology, or buying competitors and monopolizing, or outsourcing, then the demand is going to naturally go down. But what are you going to do, let all those people go into poverty? The responsibility of the government should be to prioritize a standard of living over \"fair\" market practices."
 "I don't figure each McDonald's has more than 8 people working at any given time. If you give each of them an extra $2/hr or $16 cost to the company each hour, you can do some math. Say a McDonald's sells 200 items per hour on average for each hour it's open (I've never worked fast food, but this seems like a pretty conservative estimate). $16 extra labor cost / 200 items sold = $0.08 increase on each item sold. So your double cheeseburger now costs $1.07 instead of $0.99. Except now 8 full time employees went from $16000/yr income to $20500/yr, an increase of $4500.   Now, using previous calculations that this would result on a base increase of $0.08 on every item that every person buys each year. Even if you purchased 100 items every day for an entire year, the increased cost over what it would have been without the $0.08 increase, is $2900. $4500 - $2900 = an extra $1600 in discretionary income (which would really be a whole lot more because nobody's buying 100 items each day.)   e: I realize that the counter argument to this is \"Well, what happens to the people who make more than minimum wage now, but the increase brings them much closer to the level of minimum wage?\"  Increased bargaining power. If you made $10/hr when minimum was $7.85 and now every joe schmoe working at McD's makes $9.85/hr, your wage bargaining power has increased. If you were $2.15/hr more valuable than minimum wage to them then, you are now as well. Except now you don't have to feel locked into your $10/hr job, because there are considerably more of them available, and if your $10/hr isn't willing to play ball, then you're not forced to stay because you can't find another job paying that amount."
 "I saw Fleet Foxes in a really small, intimate venue. I thought there was no way they could sound as good live, but the harmonies were even tighter and smoother in person. It was amazing. "
 "I'm hoping I can break the chain on Riley. My dad named my younger brother Riley and I will do everything I can to make sure he's not a douche"
 "I can tell you that I am the easiest guy in the world to hypnotize.  I just love the idea of hypnosis and love being under.  It is such a relaxing feeling.  The more willing a person is to be hypnotized or the bigger desire someone has for it, the easier it can be.  Anyone can be hypnotized, it is just a matter of how easy it is to put them under.  Once an induction works, the rest is easier (at least for me).  The way hypnosis works is that your conscious mind is at rest, but your subconscious mind become hyper aware. This means that the body neither accepts nor denies instruction, rather it just puts it into action.  That is why hypnotherapy works so well with people trying to quit smoking.  You override the thought of \"I want to smoke\" with \"here is how I'm going to quit.\"  During hypnosis your eyes will go into a bit of a REM state, your body will be completely relaxed, your breathing will slow down, but you will also be able to hear the hypnotist clear as day."
 "What is your new years resolution?"
 "Moo."
 "You fucking blew it...god dammit"
 "I don't know about others, but for me the type that I got described me down to a T."
 "Good info- with some side notes.  1. No clue how/where you're spending $10 for a frozen pizza- here they range from $1 to about $5 unless you get super fancy. So like I said, around the same price, relatively speaking.  2. While you're true about them being cheap to make, let's get real: you can't buy a cup of flour or half a can of tomato sauce, so your upfront costs are no quite as cheap as you're making it out to be but yes, it is super affordable.  3. Yes, homemade pizza can be way better. But if you break down all restaurant prices like this, it's not really worth going out to eat almost ever, unless it's something you truly can't make. Do you at out, or no?"
 "You too? I thought I was the only one..."
 "\"There are Muslims over there\", not \"There are Muslim people over there\"  \"I study Islamic architecture\" not \"I study Muslim architecture\"  Islamic = relating to Islam, and is the adjective. Islam is the religion. Muslims are the followers."
 "Champagne and \"kransekage\". "
 "Oh god this is amazing"
 "Definitely the review for The Hunger Games: Catching Fire. Anybody got a link?"
 "**I'M AFRAID THE EAGLES ARE DROWNING OUT THE SOUND OF MY VOICE, PATRIOT**"
 "I've been trying to convince my girl to do this. "
 "I eat, breathe, poop, and pee, all from my anus!"
 "Choo^choo"
 "Baby squirrel you's a sexy motherfucker"
 "Indeed."
 "Meh. I hear that we can clone sheep, can't we clone our planet?^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^/s ^I'll^show^myself^out  "
 "Or a toilet."
 "Oh I don't hate myself. I just hate that trait that I have. One of many traits. "
 "\"Irregardless\" is NOT a word! It's just \"regardless.\" So many replies, and I'm disappointed. "
 "Thats cute but are you sure he wasn't telling you he was hungry?"
 "Isn't that site mostly just amazon referral links?"
 "Was it the Frank or the Beans?"
 " Fuck that guy  Have you always been a homosexual, silly sir?"
 "Not the wealthy, not by choice."
 "Top **that**."
 "What if they think they're a statue? You gotta respect that."
 "You honestly think that to earn a liveable wage, you need luck?  Sounds like you're blaming your own shortfalls because you delude yourself into thinking you weren't lucky enough.  Sure, luck can help. But that is why we have government support for the unprivileged to compensate."
 "Kidney stones "
 "Bowling For Soup at the Glasgow 02 Academy in october 2013. I went to the show myself because nobody else wanted to go with me but it was the best decision of my life, I was able to sing my heart out to one of my favourite bands."
 "Isn't it about a month?"
 "As someone from New Jersey I agree with this person. Our circles in south jersey are filled with the dumbest people alive. Legend has it that some people have been caught in it, and never got to leave."
 "Unproductive."
 "But what about CEO's getting doubled salaries? 1Mil = 50 20k salaries"
 "Don't expect little kids to know how to RSVP."
 "Show people my rectum without fear of reply."
 "That I deserve better. I feel like too many people will think \"this is what I deserve\" when they are in a bad relationship. Being with someone who is emotionally or physically abusive is something no one ever deserves. In my relationship I felt like I cheated myself for 2 years and could have been doing my own thing before I actually met an amazing man. "
 "Probably wouldn't go over all too well in a job interview."
 "I always say rest-ow-rant and remember that \"au\" makes an \"ow\" sound. Not for the actually word, just when I spell it. "
 "ITT: People whose aspirations are to prolong their erections and stop their hair loss."
 "Hate to burst your bubble, but no loose skin here. Lots, lots, lots of water helped a bunch. The rest is getting full of muscle."
 "We've just had some interesting revelations in the UK  Eight women are currently suing Scotland Yard over claims they were deceived into having long-term intimate relationships with undercover police officers.  David Winnick MP, questioning Mr Marshall during session of the Commons Home Affairs Select Committee, said: Weve had witnesses, female witnesses, that said undercover police agents had started sexual relationships with them - **and in some cases children had been born** - without any knowledge on the part of the women that they were entering an intimate relationship with police officers. And in their view - as one of them described it - it was a form of sexual deceit by the state why did you and daddy split up?\"  \"I discovered that your fathers a pig in more ways than one\""
 "Your body's method of retrieving fat and eventually protein  from your various arm tissues is more efficient than eating your arms for energy."
 "College or beach?"
 "lol 6 months."
 "No, you didn't. You may have had that much withheld but there's no state in the country where your tax rate would be close to that high on $15K.   You'd pretty much only be paying SS/Medicare at that point. "
 "Filipina on a Korean flight? Juicy."
 "I'm from NY, it's whoever has the gun."
 "Ozzfest 96"
 "It's nonsense"
 "So what you're saying is, \"take my advice, but please don't because it would create a problem we can't solve with the free market.\""
 "Ear cleaners."
 "here in detroit we had two fighter jets (f-16s or 18s) patrolling the region's sky. it was surreal. no air traffic aside from these two planes just running circles around the metro area. "
 "\"I just thought 'we did it'\""
 "Food. Meat and Bread. They will never leave me,  only when my digestive system decides that it's time for them to go. "
 "I think my dog is secretly a rabbit. I need to film her some day. She's a bouncy bouncy dog. I honestly swear, brain of. Kangaroo!"
 "I disagree, sir (or madam). Grandfather named Paul, did everything right. Son named Paul...also a right-doer."
 "Well, I started being interested in my grandpa's language when I was a teenager, started studying, and never really stopped.  Did an English degree, taught ESL, then came back to do a linguistics masters because it was still my passion.  Five years later, I'm in my PhD, and have worked with three languages doing documentation - though that part I got largely not through my degree program - it's pretty important to look at what the linguistics department you're interested in being a part of is interested in - if you get into this sort of research, it will likely be by piggybacking on your profs."
 "No, the test is not nearly as valid as your sister thinks it is."
 "My friend left his account open and I posted that he had just found out he has AIDS. It wasn't with any malice and he said he thought it was really funny. "
 "I'm sorry to hear that :("
 "I was on a flight going to Florida, only about 30 mins into the 8hrs and reached down to get my bag from under the seat in front of me, it felt kinda wet so I thought someone had dropped a drink on the floor or something. Being that I didn't want my bag stinking of stale beer I dabbed some of the liquid onto my finger and smelt it and dabbed it onto my tongue to taste if it was beer or wine etc.   It didn't taste of anything or smell of anything so I grabbed my bag to see how badly it was wet, I pulled it up onto my lap and it was soaked, like it had drenched all my books and stuff, luckily my passport and laptop were in the wife's bag.  Anyways my shorts were now soaked from the liquid so I shouted the stewardess over and she came to see what was happening. It was at this point that I noticed that the seat in front of me was taken up by a kid about four years old.   The parents overheard me talking and it pretty soon became clear what had happened. They'd just took their kid out of nappies and decided it would be a good idea to sit them on an 8hr flight with no protection. The kid had then pissed itself straightaway which had dripped through the seat onto my bag. The stewardess asked me if I had anything I could change into but I was obviously mid air so I spent the next 7 1/2 hours covered waist down in child piss.   The parents of the kid were really embarrassed but I decided not to get angry as it wasn't the kids fault they were fucking idiots. My relatives couldn't stop laughing the whole flight.  TL;DR got pissed on by a child, tasted the piss. "
 "I'm serious as cancer when i say rhythm is a dancer...."
 "I wish I knew this before I tried using a Q-tip..."
 "We don't need their collective wisdom, look where its gotten us.  On the other hand, they're not all useless."
 "What did you do for New Year's Eve?"
 " children are a necessity.  Not really. Look at the below replacement birth rates in many developed nations. Right now our leaders look to immigration.  "
 "That's some poetic shit. I like that. "
 "try eating raw celeriac, you'll love celery sticks afterwards "
 "My black lab has this thing were he raises his eyebrows whenever someone says something dumb. In general he is very expressive."
 "I'd say having a family should be an understood cost on the part of the company. I agree with your point logically, but I don't agree from a moral standpoint. I say that because the employer isn't hiring robots, as much as they might prefer that. Human society has ingrained (for thousands of years) the importance of having a family. It wasn't too many generations ago that a man working a blue collar job could support a wife and two kids. That american ideal still exists, and it's what many people strive for. It's the standard life path for most people. I think companies should have a moral responsibility to support the well being of their workers, and the family ideal is part of that. "
 "Well you see... the first guy said... WAIT A MINUTE!  "
 "My dog (90lb Germany shepherd/rott/husky mix) sings to \"Someone Like You\" by Adele. She knows literally every part to the song and howls/sings along with it. She recognizes the song instantly from the first piano note. Fucking adorable. "
 "Of course you are only getting liberal viewpoints on what the other side is genuinely thinking.  I'll answer it more to the point.  The term, \"livable wage\" is a buzzword from the left that has no meaning. It has become such standard liberal dogma that it is included in your question as if it means something.  People are already living their entire life on the governments dole. From food stamps, to welfare, to obama phones, to EITC, to medicare...etc.  Why enable people to further have absolutely no responsibility by providing what you call a \"livable wage\"? Which is nothing more than just an arbitrary number that liberals can increase at their whim to demand more from the government."
 "I like it when the beer shows up. If there's no beer, I consider the game a failure."
 "Obama Fed Grapes While Urging Press Conference To Enjoy Orgy"
 "Damn call em out."
 "Roast your own beans. Oh. Never mind."
 "I've started to have to wear socks to bed because my damn feet get so cold I can't sleep."
 "What's your New Years kiss story?"
 "You can't always see the good in people, just accept that they can and will stab you in the back given the chance! "
 "Squats."
 "I don't have a celebrity crush. I try not to long for things/people I can't have; that's just a recipe for unhappiness."
 "I have a coworker. Freaking 50-year-old man. Been pissed at his dad since he was 10 because he \"lied\" to him about Santa Claus. I *wish* I was joking."
 "kk, dude."
 "God bless you"
 "I had an anxiety attack which caused an overdose which put me in therapy then led me to psychiatric medication."
 "and seriously, anyone who claims to have been \"roofied\" with GHB, has seriously never tried GHB, if you cant taste it in your drink, you're drinking a semen cocktail."
 "Are tests biased against students who don't give a shit?"
 "**Attention!** Please keep in mind that the OP of this thread has chosen to mark this post with the **[Serious] replies only** tag, therefore any replies that are jokes, puns, off-topic, or are otherwise non-contributory will be removed.  If you see others posting comments that violate this tag, please report them to the mods!   Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Miley Cyrus jokes."
 "She has such a strange mouth and jaw...kind of malformed. "
 ":("
 "Holy shit, thank you. That was very kind and generous. I'm looking for someone to pay it forward to now."
 "One of his lines were \"so when I cut the cheese, just know what it is\"  ..."
 "Not sure if joking... Aneurysm*"
 "like the simpsons "
 "Haha. I'm not really into anime these days. The only anime/manga I'm *really* into is One Piece.  But, If I remember correctly isn't that Pain's ability?"
 "I love when they wax poetic about the Abercrombie lifestyle. I could probably watch them again and crack up anew"
 "Depends on what you mean by \"livable\". If you can't live without a brand new car and the latest electronic gadgets, $20k isn't livable. If you don't want to starve to death, $20k is probably livable.  I care a whole lot about income inequality, probably much more than the next guy, but the whole vagueness of the \"livable\" part of \"livable wage\" irks me a little bit."
 "Either that was a fart or I've just sat in a cottage pie. "
 "\"I don't like him, so therefore he deserves to die!\"  You're an asshole."
 "It's pretty rare, believe me. "
 "Dude! *Dude!* Aw, dude!"
 " we we've established that.   FTFY"
 "I'm not sure I can agree with you on anything you said.  If the business owner makes a lot of money from the business I think it's fine that the business owner make a lot more money than the employees and there aren't a whole lot of people that are going to disagree with me, it's only logical.  As a business owner you put up the money and take the risk and if you make it big you are rewarded.  Now if you are a very generous person and you want to be super generous that is up to you but the state shouldn't be telling you (the risk taker) that you should benefit no more than your employees who didn't risk anything or hardly anything."
 "Wow... Ho Lee Fuk... They got away with that?"
 "BLACK!"
 "I do this and I never thought of it as the 'right' way. I was just logical because it was the position that contained the germs best.  I'm a considerate cunt and I don't even know it. "
 "You'd have the knee thingy"
 "Pornlove cockapocalypse?  "
 "How do your interviewers respond to that? "
 "When there is mutual respect and understanding it's quite easy to compromise and work together towards solutions/choices."
 "get an education and move onward and upward  I don't think you realize how expensive education and/or poverty minimum wage was designed to keep you perfectly comfortable and content, why would anyone bother trying to improve themselves?  As someone else stated...it's not just about money. Working retail/food service and other 'low skills' jobs SUCKS. I worked retail for six years and some days I sat in the parking lot close to tears before my shift started because I knew that I'd be working until midnight or 1am even thought I was only scheduled from 5-10, I'd get one 15-minute break, and I had an 8am class or exam that I didn't have time to study for in the one hour between classes and work. People like you really frustrate me because you assume everyone at their core is lazy and unmotivated and that is not the case. The American dream is just that. It's not the reality."
 "For sleeping?"
 "This is not a commonly held belief by archaeologists and Egyptologists.  This thread is supposed to be for correcting misconceptions, not spreading them."
 "Get a 2015 Ford Mustang. "
 "I am American and Reddit is the only place I had ever heard of it, at least until the one dude said something stupid which made the news. Then I had to google it too."
 "DUDE ME TOO! "
 " From a financial perspective, children are a luxury good.  UGH YES. I don't want to have to buy you shit because you're having a baby - I can barely afford my bills, so if you can't afford a car seat and baby clothes, why should I have to help you out with that? I don't get to throw an \"I graduated from college\" shower and get furniture, kitchen appliances, money for paying off loans, etc., so why are baby showers a thing?  If you can't afford a kid, don't have a damn kid. Paying for birth control is going to be WAY cheaper in the long run."
 "On the back of a transmitter There's a little shiny fruit And it's coming after you.   -2013 Arctic Monkeys"
 "Corporations can buy representatives in our government. In fact, a lot of people with political aspirations know that they must have the support of a major corporation/ powerful group of people in order to move up the political ladder so they appeal to those in power for contributions and then become their puppets. "
 "Paraphrasing what has already been said on this thread: Size has little to do with it. It's about confidence and how you make a woman feel. "
 "No one owes you an explanation. Everyone is free to vote as they like and they can keep it confidential. Asking about is like a five year old throwing a temper tantrum."
 "Just put a $1/item (or whatever) surcharge on any item over 15 items. I'd love to see those jimmies rustle"
 "I really appreciate you taking the time to write that out for everyone, that's why I come here.  I'm adding this here because I don't want to start a new thread, and you brought the subject up in one of your edits. __________________________________________________________  This statement shows my obvious bias, but when I hear the argument you just presented I always think that the person making the argument is missing the underlying meaning of the question. The question, to me ,does not equate to \"Do workers deserve a bigger cut of profits?,\" but rather \"Should all full-time working citizens be guaranteed to live at least $1 above the current poverty line?\"  I feel like I might be subconsciously pulling on heart strings by turning the debate in that direction, but I very honestly feel that this is the actual question at hand and not merely a logical computation. While payroll is one of the main costs of most businesses, and so should have huge importance to a business,  our free-market capitalist system dictates that there must be a wage-earning workforce, and our society currently dictates that that free market be driven by consumer goods purchased by those very same wage-earners. People get paid a wage, they go spend that wage at businesses that employ other wage-earners who spend their pay at the other guy's business and so on.  So, under the current system, there will always be a certain percentage of the workforce that will not earn at least $1 over the REAL poverty line even though they have a full time job. With this model, things have to be this way to maintain the status-quo; if you move the minimum wage higher, consumer goods rise in price in proportion.  I realize that the eradication of poverty was never the goal of capitalism, but clearly it can never exist without \"intentionally\" impoverishing a given percentage of the population. What REALLY confuses me about American corporate society since like the 80s, is how these conglomerates are rapidly expanding this percentage of \"intentionally\" impoverished citizens by moving their jobs overseas for cheap labor, and making themselves suffer the consequences of a poor economy. I really don't see the motivation here!!!  Can any of you economist types shed any light?"
 "And that's another good point.  Fuck a living wage in Alabama.  I want to go work for my living wage in SoCal.  Considering I can get it anywhere, I'd rather get it there. "
 "What do you think Reddit could do to become even better in 2014?"
 "any kind of salty/spicy chips with pineapple juice but that's kind of heavy so i dont do it often, i go for water instead of the juice (less tasty, duh)"
 "precisely why you should vote against another increase on security spending. "
 "You are thinking too narrowly. In automating a grocery store, one could return to the clerk-oriented model of the past, with dramatically greater efficiency without sacrificing consumer choice. People wandering the storage space would no longer be required.  Sprinkle on a few mechanics and a handful of CS personnel, and you have a more efficient grocery store with fewer people."
 "I got free tickets to Jay Sean, I got to meet the YMCMB producer who is a family friend, I met Jay Sean and his whole group (his wife, body guard, etc.)"
 "\"but managed to get back on their feet whether it's due to family, friends, decent welfare programs or simple luck\"  This is so fucking unbelievably insulting. Some people manage to get back on their feet by working hard and believing in themselves."
 "Lol, agreed, that's partially why i use my shirt. I think if anything, the whole elbow thing is a societal hack to get people to stop sneezing into their hands, which is worse than into the air. "
 "Amy Lee, now also Karen Gillan, before she cut her hair off."
 "We'd have to start up the Church of God the Uncaring."
 "/r/retiredusername "
 "Detroit isn't really that bad.... Expecially when there is a sports event.... THB I like seeing all of the old buildings.  But there are some areas you better run like hell if you find your self there"
 "Myself.  Oh, wait... I've done better by actually punching myself.  Yes, I had a strong tendency to take my anger out on myself.  "
 "You never heard about it?"
 "Who do people complain about smoking, yet don't do anything about it?  Leaving addiction aside (reddit is nowhere near as addictive as tobacco, having tried both), people often have habits that are just hard to snap out of and they make light of the problem to make it seem like less of an issue. "
 "the only air traffic was around major cities and were fighter jets on patrol. eerie shit. "
 "**Attention!** Please keep in mind that the OP of this thread has chosen to mark this post with the **[Serious] replies only** tag, therefore any replies that are jokes, puns, off-topic, or are otherwise non-contributory will be removed.  If you see others posting comments that violate this tag, please report them to the mods!   Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Dignity. "
 "That was a year ago.  Damned if I can remember."
 "Chad's are pompous assholes."
 "Opposable toes, please. "
 "Thanks. I was hoping to start another one being that it's New Years and people are probably staying home today. Also I like the idea of playing a line from a movie against a book, to see what different opinions are out there, hoping to spark a nice debate."
 "Because everyone is an enemy."
 "HE'S ORDINARY"
 "*Fuck yeah, Zach!* You are so awesome. I know this seems strange coming from a stranger, but man: I am *proud* of you. I am proud that you are working on self-betterment and improving your health. You're doing great, man. Here's to many more years of health and happiness.    I'm hoping this year will be my year of Zach. I've always been extremely self-conscious of my body. I don't have a significant amount of weight to lose (about 20lbs, at the very most) but I want to be *confident*. Here's to the year of Zach!"
 "This didn't exactly go wrong, it was just unsuccessful. "
 "You bring up a necessary assumption that often gets ignored on both sides: your hourly wage isn't the same as your yearly income, and it's your income which is important to your ability to support yourself/your family. Regardless, the debate is usually framed around minimum wage increases. "
 "You busted in your sister's juice box? WTF????"
 "God dammit Mitch! You've turned into such an asshole! You're not the person I fell in love with. I'm out... "
 "The word hella along with all the little swaggets"
 "North African instability. "
 "Great list, Happy New Year to you too! :) "
 "White card: Aborted nazi babies. "
 "2014 - call it now. Better or worse than 2013?"
 "Smell, no. Hurt like a motherfucker, yes."
 "Are you talking about the speling?"
 "Arithmetic*"
 "Bulk food, I have a couple months wort of beans, rice, pasta and other grains and spices, and while it takes a bit of money at first, a non perishable pantry is awesome when you are broke. Learn to cook your own meals from scratch, buying food is expensive, so the more you cook/prepare yourself the more money you save. I'm still figuring alot of stuff out, but Ive never gone close to hungry, I've gotten tired of eating the same damn thing day after day when i've been low on money, but I've never worried about not eating. Also frozen blueberries are cheap, and an amazing broke dessert.   get a blender, you will find a use for it."
 "Except for Fred's death... Hate that part."
 "How do you spend most New Years? I spend mine watching the ball drop on TV and ducking away from stray bullets from people shooting outside."
 "Teaching is very rewarding and the holidays are great but, man, it's **so** much work."
 "At my university students just walk out in the street like they own it often without looking. They don't care if there's a crosswalk or not. The mentality is that if they're in the street, cars will stop.   I want to kill them."
 "[Clinton Deploys Vowels to "Yeah, I know. Keep that shit in your house and out of my face, heteros."
 "The illusion of the American dream lives on. Very few people realize that the actual social mobility in the US is very, very low. I wonder if there's a religious aspect involved. Many people, including the poor themselves, seem to support the lack of salary/income distribution with a justification taken right out of the christian theological doctrine of original sin."
 "white answer card: touching children to make them feel good"
 "MR ROGERS WAS THE MAN!"
 "I see so many people try to sneeze into the elbow crook, and badly miss (not just on a sneeze with little warning  even when they have a few seconds warning), that it would be way *way* better if they sneezed into their hands.  It usually looks like they get their elbow about 3 inches too low. Might as well not have covered at all."
 " Supply far outweighs demand in this case.  Something like 20,000 people applied for a few hundred jobs at a new Walmart opening in Washington. If Walmart is such an evil company why are so many people wanting to work for them? "
 "Masturbate ferociously "
 "Have you stopped to consider that sometimes people who are fresh out of school may not have the means to go back to school due to crushing student loan debt? Certifications are easier to obtain if one has the means to go/go back to school to get it.   And I agree with /u/eithris, having worked retail myself and leaving after nearly the 5 year mark, it is easy compared to some of the more \"manly\" jobs you mention, but it does present it's own unique challenges."
 "They got a cat, apparently"
 "Buster(cat) big fat baby that loves to stand just out of reach for you to pet him alos kneads the dough right on your ribs.  Callie(cat) will cuddle at a moments notice, sometime stretching out just so her paws will touch you just to know your there but does like to launch off you with back claws dug in "
 "What was your \"fuck yeah!\" moment of 2013? "
 "Pokemon..."
 "Shake the ketchup bottle before using it to avoid ketchup juice. "
 "I've had people with septic tanks tell me that they are the exception; they feel like they can't mess anything up with a septic tank. "
 "I know, I just do better learning in a classroom environment and talking with people vs. things like duolingo and not a lot of universities offer Hawaiian :("
 "A girl was giving me a hand-job and she then played around with my testes which turned me on so much, then, the nightmare began.  She tip toes her fingers down my gouch and starts rubbing my butthole like a vagina. I literally could feel the small remains from the shit I took a couple hours earlier, ( yes I wipe But I had chipotle) I then pulled her hand away pulled on my pants and drove her home. I said nothing to her, very awkward."
 "This works for current versions of Chrome, IE and Firefox. Doesn't work for some older versions, and as far as I know, still doesn't work in Safari (yuck)."
 "2004 Got my first guitar, a Peavey Wolfgang that is still my baby to this day, met my two best buddies who I have had countless amazing memories with over the last 10 years, saw my favourite band Van Halen for the first time as a 15th birthday gift from my parents, and got Eddie van Halen's autograph at that very concert. Eddie being my absolute hero. I may have had to repeat the 9th grade that year, but it was the year I think of most often from my life."
 "I agree with SDStormtrooper, it's at least considered polite if you try and learn the language before you move to a country even if you'll be using English for school. But you should definitely check out memrise, they have a ton of courses on Norwegian. And Norwegian isn't that hard to learn if you're already fluent in English, so you should be able to pick up on it pretty quickly. 18 months is more then enough time to become semifluent in Norwegian. "
 "I agree that a minimum wage \"is pretty much only there to get you by.\"            And though is the getting away from the question, a big problem many people have with current minimum wage laws is that they aren't indexed to inflation.  So, minimum wage laws (which rarely get renewed each year to account for inflation) quickly fall behind the rate of inflation.       This is the reason the buying power of minimum wage employees has fallen 20% since 1967.  My point is that current minimum wage isn't able to \"get you by\" for an increasing amount of people.       "I hate that."
 "Janitors - RoombAsimo"
 "I just upvoted all three marijuana posts. :D"
 "So, in order to get intimate with you, I have to have proper grammar, a broad lexicon, and a nice pair of shoes?"
 "They taught that in NY"
 "I think there is a duck hiding somewhere around here..."
 "I flap my tits around like a bird of prey. Then I stare at them with the fury of 1000 suns."
 "Drunk at the end of the party... Been together for 1 year now! "
 "I think the lady doth protest too much"
 "Damn..."
 "That might help a little.. but pay is really only 1 of many factors to consider.   I mean... if being a Chef paid as much as I'm making now.. would I go back to it?... Maybe. Maybe not. It's a much more physically demanding job and much more dirty and equally (if not more) stressful. (Plus I'd probably have to start at the bottom and work my way up to the position or freedom I wanted)  It's not really the pay that I need... it's having enough flexibility to do whatever I want. Lets say I wanted to drop everything right now and start my own Hackerspace. I can't. I don't have any money or resources,etc to do that. Changing to a different job that pays the same as what I make now isn't gonna solve that for me. "
 "I named my old PC running Vista Gertrude. She was a slow old lady."
 "I'd be happy if i got one gold... oh to only know what it's like to earn gold."
 "Its fragsturbation time y'all!"
 "Cross the street/parking lot. Yes you have the right away as a pedestrian,  but that doesn't mean you can blindly step into the way of moving vehicles. "
 "I think there has been way to many to choose from!"
 "200kg * 2.2 = 440lbs of Iron, that's alot of Iron.  "
 "Yes, we get it.  You've read The Game and that somehow makes you superior.   Don't you have a fedora collection to organize somewhere?"
 "Wait,so kids can buy energydrinks in the USA?Here in Sweden the age restriction is 15 in all stores except immigrant-owned small stores."
 "It scary how true this is"
 "What are your favorite songs of 2013?"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "It's my first time linking it, sorry. "
 "Kissed my boyfriend :)"
 "I love [this too."
 "\"I would eat your box\" I mean.. is there anything else the character could really say?"
 "Healthcare is a big one. It shouldnt be an entitlement. It should be a right. Nobody should have to choose between getting medical care and paying bills. And dont tell me they can get it from the place they work. Almost every large company wont let you get full time status that way they dont have to give you any healthcare benifits. Wal-mart being one of them. Healthcare has nothing to do with living more cheaply."
 "Jolly Rancher"
 "[The "The ability not to get hungry every 4 hrs."
 "Skopje"
 "I'll fuck your mama, then you can meet my llama. -Chief Keef"
 "Roast your own beans."
 "  live with parents, get an education   For many of us these aren't really feasible."
 "Ive been a dozen times or so. Helps being half. I recommend monte verde. At least thats what I think its called. Beautiful volcano to hike up. Goes all the way to the rim. I plan on going again sometime this year. I definitely want to zipline.  Edit: and if you go to the beaches, go on the west side. Sunsets are beautiful."
 "That is true. I completely forgot about capital gains and asset values and...pretty much everything but income tax, honestly. "
 "40 is pretty bad. I can do like 70 with just rwo fingers wthout looking"
 "Relevant username?"
 "[Pink "Using their phones is even worse, the bright lit screen catches my eye from anywhere in the theater. I like Alamo Draft house where they thrown those bitches out."
 "You have posted alot here."
 "Which is funny, because looking at the language from an outsider's perspective, it would appear that a lot of it is logical. But so much of the language boils down to context, that you have to be exposed to it pretty regularly to get a grasp on it. "
 "Going to all the ashlander camps in Morrowind to become the Neravarine. So far from a major city. This is before you young whipper snappers had fast travel in TES games!"
 "Me? or him? I just can't imagine anyone liking the Boltons. (Maybe it's just me)"
 "Probably a couple of hours over at Universal when they opened the Harry Potter ride back in 2009 or so."
 "Yes, and that's a problem in a number of ways. It's certainly not a good long-term answer."
 "Son Goku from Dragon Ball and Johnny Depp."
 "Hey I think you're doing pretty good if you can count 5 **good** friends.  Personally, if you're going about life being a nice guy then you're not doing anything wrong. Being popular doesn't equate to happiness. Appreciate your friends, keep that relationship, retain an open mind. Happy New Year :)"
 "Don't piss onto an uninsulated live wire."
 "Maybe download the app...? I don't know what else to tell you."
 "Latin, look like a motherfrucking boss."
 "/u/I_kill_martians thinks /u/Corbal should calm down."
 "yes i'm sorry"
 "It's \"Est-ce que vous parlez anglais s'il vous plait?\"   Although it's pronounced like you wrote it."
 "Well of course if the guy has an addiction to the stuff or regularly over-indulges to the point of abuse then yeah it's gonna be an issue, but if it's an every-other weekend indulgence?  Meh."
 "And 4WD doesn't mean squat if you're upside down in a ditch with your wheels spinning in the air."
 "My go. Black question card: While inspecting me, my gynecologist found _____."
 "And DO NOT DELETE IT   BE A MAN. SINK LIKE THE TITANIC AND BE BRAVE"
 "Making the same askreddit threads every god damn day/week."
 "Can we finally get over that Adam and Eve thing? That would solve manyr things, apparently"
 "[Desmond Howard 99 yard kickoff return in Super Bowl live in Wisconsin so I was watching it with my family and everybody lost their minds screaming and shouting. It's still brought up to this day."
 "the same thing im doing now, not a got damn thing."
 "Actually: follow the signs on the traffic light post. If there are no signs: Priority to the right."
 "Those are not orgasm moans you're hearing. Those are screams of pain."
 "As a female who has watched porn, I disagree. For me, the men in most porn scenes are way too fit for my taste or, too out of shape, or too old. For me, most men in porn do not attract me; hence, no high expectations because of that and I know most guys can't fuck in those positions, for that length of time holding a fast pace, etc. Or maybe I just have low expectations so when a guy surpasses them, I am genuinely pleased and surprised :)"
 "This one."
 "The car door?"
 "my dad accidentally dislocated my arm when i was little by pulling me up a slide by the hand. ever since then i've been careful to wrist grab people when being pulled up/pulling them up."
 "It sure is! All four seasons and you can drive 100 miles in any direction and get a complete change in scenery. It really is a great place :)"
 "Probably the false sign language at Nelson Mandela's funeral."
 "Colin Powell may never live it down. His presentation to the UN in early 2003 about nuclear weapons in Iraq.  It's a shame since he's a good man."
 "you never had a sustainable business to begin with.  you never had a sustainable business to begin with.  you never had a sustainable business to begin with.  you never had a sustainable business to begin with.  you never had a sustainable business to begin with.  this is it. this is the answer to the whole goddamn thread. businesses like retail and fast food are fundamentally illegitimate"
 "Does that say \"Indians\" in the background?? "
 "It washes off and she'll probably learn better in time."
 "Interesting, I'm indifferent but it's mostly how people weed out non-locals it seems haha."
 "I do it to prevent chafing (pretty sure I spelled that wrong). "
 "Japanese i watch a lot of anime and sometime hate subtitle and i want to go there to visit and if I like it will live there."
 "This is my favorite one ever."
 "you're not a woman then, they like scumbags"
 "But was that always the case in the Senate? No. The cloture threshold has changed throughout the years. When the Senate first came into being, there wasn't even a cloture threshold; every piece of legislation could see debate ended with a simple majority vote followed by a simple majority vote for passage.  That early rule was eliminated because of the consensus that was always reached on ending debate; the vote to end debate was seen as redundant, since it was almost always waived by unanimous consent. So the idea that a cloture threshold of 50% +1 leads to increased partisanship doesn't really hold up in terms of the history of the Senate.   For over 100 years (until the early 1900s), there was no such thing as cloture, and all debate in the Senate was required to be ended via unanimous consent. Initially this process wasn't abused, and debate was almost always still ended via unanimous consent, with a majority vote needed for passage. But eventually, the ability of a single senator to completely obstruct legislation was too tempting to pass up, and so the process began to be abused via filibuster.   When the abuse became too prevalent, the cloture rule was introduced,  which allowed debate to be ended by a two-thirds vote of the Senate. Since the initial introduction of the cloture rule, the cloture threshold has been changed several times, with both the required number changing, as well as the way in which that number was calculated (it was basically a choice between \"all senators duly sworn and elected\" and \"all senators present and voting\". In the present Senate rules, cloture on legislation and nominations requires a threshold of \"all senators duly sworn and elected, while cloture on rules changes only requires a threshold of all senators present and voting).  So in a way, the move back to a 50%+1 cloture threshold for non-USSC nominations means that the Senate has moved closer to coming full circle on the process by which debate can be ended. Incidentally, most people don't realize that, historically, the House had far more obstruction and filibustering, and that that abuse of House rules led the House back in the late 1800s to abolish the ability of the minority party  to filibuster legislation.   In sum, I'm just not seeing how altering the cloture threshold (as it has been altered multiple times in the Senate's few hundred years of existence) leads to increased partisanship. Changes in the rules regarding cloture (apart from the initial change to eliminate the original 50%+1 cloture threshold) have come about because, with the increased partisanship that existed prior to the change, it made it nigh-impossible for the Senate to perform its duties. "
 "Which religion? Christianity.  Buddhism. Islam.  You know, the majors. Philosophy? Hume.  Kant.  Prove it  [John Quiggin - Prof Econ Uni Queensland writes on  In this case food in particular.  But food is very particular to the starving.  Can we prove anything with absolute certainty? Of course not.  YOu are imposing on me a requirement you do not aver in your own arguments.  Again... prove it. You haven't defined wealthy  I'm really not sure what you are arguing here.  I am saying that people who are in a position where they do not have to work (the children of the ultra-rich) still take up positions of public service, or undertake degree programs that cannot possibly make them the same money they already have.  Teddy Kennedy is an example, Mitt Romeny on the republican side.     Do rich people get butt-hurt when they are accused of being out-of-touch parasites? [Oh my word they arguments are just as legit as the ones I put forward, which is to say based in nothing and largely a waste of time. Debate problems and solutions not ideologies. If you want to debate ideology, just replace the topic at hand with Red Vs. Blue, and you will end up at the same place.  This is word salad.  You make a statement or a series of statements. I reply, giving some form of rebuttal.  You then get angry and accuse me of being ideological - this is not how it is supposed to work. "
 "Depends on where you live. I absolutely could not get by on minimum wage where I live. The lowest rent around here is about $1000 a month. That's almost your entire pay check."
 "For those of you who aren't making any resolutions for the new year, why?"
 "Getting into the best Law uni in Brazil. Fuck yeah! "
 "\"One can't simply ride Falcor.....\""
 "Don't overwelm yourself pick 2 ofthese and practice them. "
 "This."
 "There is no correlation between raising the minimum wage and losing jobs because the minimum wage has typically been raised during a recovery, when jobs are increasing anyway.  So fewer net jobs are created, but that doesn't mean that jobs aren't lost.  As for income taxes, [the bulk of them are paid by the  I do realize that gas taxes and sales taxes are regressive, but those aren't used to pay for food stamps.  Income taxes are and the rich are paying them.  Why transfer that obligation to Wal Mart customers?  And why would I want to promote a business model like Wal Mart?  I don't.  I don't go to Wal Mart or Macdonalds.  But they employ a lot of people."
 "What are you drinking this New Years?"
 "That argument is so stupid it defies reason.  But I'll try anyway.    The guy who is flipping the burgers is the one who is actually doing the work. He is the reason people pay money.  The person who owns the company shares is doing absolutely nothing but reaping the profit of the burger-flipper's work.  If the burger flipper wants to quit, he can fuck off and starve.  Meanwhile the shareholder performs no work of any benefit to anyone but reaps the reward of another person's labour.  It's the very definition of exploitation."
 "Thank our government for printing money...$85 billion per month quickly devalues our currency.  You would need to raise the minimum wage to $20/hr in order for wages to match their value 100 years ago, back before the federal reserve.  It's not so much that those jobs pay less, but rather the money you make buys less than it did.  As an example, 100 years ago your could purchase ten gallons of gasoline for 50 cents or an ounce of silver.  Now it costs at least $30 or the same ounce of silver.  In other words, you can buy 1/60th as much gasoline per dollar as you could 100 years ago.  Stop printing money based on debt, and wages will hold steady while the dollar increases in value.  Unfortunately, that will never happen.  Our government is too deep in debt and will need to keep printing money until the whole thing unwinds and falls apart.  Just wait for a couple years and we'll see $20 a gallon for gasoline if they keep printing at the same rate.  By the way, the stock market isn't really going up...there's just negative interest being earned at most banks.  It's another bubble.  It's a great time to buy gold and silver."
 "I don't really get your meaning here. Unless you are someone who enjoys writing for it's own sake, how does this improve your life? The phrase \"It's something that can never be taken away from you.\" doesn't mean anything to me in this context."
 "Unfortunately for me, that's where my brother lives so that's where I'm invited to go.   I'd really like to spend as  absolutely little as possible."
 "Idk... what's the average IQ of a sack of hammers?"
 "Labor SUCKED. I was induced so they gave me medicine to force contractions which I've heard are worse than natural ones. The worst part was they kept trying to get me to dilate- you're supposed to get to 10cm and I never got past 3cm with contractions every 90 seconds.  I'd say the last 18 hours were the worst."
 "[Clinton Deploys Vowels to Bosnia; Cities of Sjlbvdnzv, Grzny to Be First "I agree, huh?"
 "I'm a straight girl... but yes. 1000 times yes."
 "Love gets mixed in with lust and then it gets all bad. Aooowh"
 "That were the joke. "
 "Foo Fighters acoustic tour.  Husband got great seats a few rows back.  Amazing show in a small venue. "
 "To what color am I dyed?   The size of the dyed thing changes   because of the difference of the dyed color.   I can grow up if it dyes to good people color.   I want to dye me to such a color.    To what color am I dyed?   The color to be dyed   changes under the influence of the private life.   I degenerate if it dyes to villain color.   The color for which I hope is a color with high brightness.  -DYE"
 "Bless her heart. (I'm from the South)"
 "I had no idea I could save posts until this post. And I'm not saving it."
 "So far, draw in Paint.NET, eat carry-out, and play Minecraft."
 " People should always have incentive to improve themselves.  I think the fact that most minimum wage jobs are awful is incentive enough. Even if Wendys paid $15/hr, I would still try to get a job that wasn't as miserable."
 "chocolate and water"
 "Gull stones "
 "Oh as if."
 "[Why Can't I Sell Any Of These Fucking  This sold me on *The Onion*."
 "This is perfect. Thank you for the response. "
 "Marky Mark, and the funky bunch."
 "Or they've had too much to drink. "
 "I'm sure someone already posted this... "
 "Ugh this one girl said she wanted to such the milk out of my nipples.. "
 "add lit-ra-ly."
 "Yes. I started to see improvements after just a few days doing kegels. I thought I would never be able to have multiple orgasms... Well, I can!"
 " I'm technically breaking law, assholes.  Crossing mid-block isn't illegal everywhere. In Ontario there is nothing in the highway traffic act against it, a city has to forbid it in bylaws. Not many do. Toronto doesn't, for example. Not many people know this. Crossing when you don't have right-of-way at a controlled intersection is illegal, though."
 "It's what you get when you have minimum education, minimum motivation, and minimum skills."
 "Me too..."
 "Being from Lubbock, TX, I think they would be amazed at the lack of anything there."
 "Most likely it'd come with stipulations requiring work or school to ensure people still do their jobs... it could even be worked in to replace things like ebt cards paying on a monthly basis..."
 "You technically do eat through your anus..."
 "Kirk Gibson's home run in the '88 World Series and Ray Allen's 3-pointer in Game 6 of last years NBA Finals."
 "Did you know about eighty-five percent of statistics are made up on the spot?"
 "Coffee :("
 "Bitcoins getting accepted at more mainstream places. Amazon, Google, eBay, someone will probably hop on the band wagon."
 "Yiff yiff, meowtherfucker."
 "Get rid of that sleep thing."
 "This is why is chew tobacco.   *Lick... spit... ding*  Brings all the ladies"
 "Or similarly, stopping in the middle of an aisle, hallway, or sidewalk to talk to a group of friends.   Yeah no problem, I'll just walk through this mud over here."
 "Wow! Sounds like a big mess. I had a drug interaction with Xanax that led to a panic attack once. It was bananas!"
 "\"It's time for you to Me, Myself, and DIE!\""
 "Instructions unclear.. Now in her butthole. "
 "FICA would take about $1100 (7.6%). I'm coming up with closer to $1200 for Federal income tax.  That's a lot more than $900 but still barely half of the quoted, and absurd, 30% figure."
 "So he should still be willing to have sex with them because that's only fair?"
 "yes, i find this even more annoying when you do this when I am TALKING TO YOU BITCH, LISTEN TO ME WITH YOUR EYES"
 "The fact that you are asking shows you lack education and the reason why you work unskilled jobs. "
 "Have you ever tried drinking whiskey on the rocks? I'm doing that, and while I did expect to get drunk, I'm pretty drunk."
 "Joke's on him. I'm about 20 pounds away from goal and no loose skin yet. Lots of water to help with elasticity and the rest is filling up with muscle."
 "25 years of age. My cool guy summer. Everyone gets ONE."
 "I was wondering the same thing. Thanks for explaining!"
 "Half a teaspoon can ruin your day."
 "You forgot my favorite one, but I don't want to get to pacific about it. "
 "Beer and Peanuts "
 "Use Linux."
 "And the movie?"
 "Does this need to be said. Does this need to be said BY ME. Does this need to be said by me RIGHT "If you were really good friends, chances are he's thinking the same thing. Be the one to break the ice! Don't miss out on a chance to rekindle the brotherhood!"
 "The ones who do break away never get to tell you how they did it.  Same with the question of \"what's after death\""
 "There is this annoying ass girl in my job who will talk with a little kid type voice. Sings retarded ass songs about her name in the voice as well. God if I wasn't only working there for winter break I'd get arrested! Doesn't help that she is a coke head who snorts 5-6 times in the bathroom daily -_-"
 "And what is so wrong with off-shoring jobs? People in other countries need jobs just as much as Americans and in the cases of countries like India and China, I would argue they need the jobs much much more than Americans."
 "Shit just got escalated."
 "I don't think it would take 5-10 years to see a change, the Australian economy was kept out of the worst of the GFC (didn't actually experience a recession) because the government just straight-up gave a bunch of money to the poorest people in the country at Christmas time. The next 2 financial quarters were way higher than projected."
 "Russian because my friend barely learned Russian at a two week language camp. I would be better than him. or Japanese because I go to Japan every few years to see my relatives. "
 "At a New Years party but will soon"
 "I don't consider the owner of a landscape company a landscaper. I consider him a business man, or a landscape architect. "
 "."
 "[I Died laughing the first time I saw this!!! Perfection.] "that you like something a lot "
 "It's not irrelevant to me. I like the atmosphere and large selection of free books to read. "
 "You sure about that?   What's my name. Because otherwise, sounds like someone's jealous..."
 "Ruins of a past human civilization"
 "Couldn't you use momentum from the portals to fire something AT the bank and blow a hole in it? And then use another portal underneath whatever is inside so it comes out near your feet..And then run off with it?"
 "When the stoned, drunk and/or pregnant kids proceed to stab them with a ripped off bit of a Stella can and rob their spaceship. Seriously, I've walked three feet away from my car and some little shits have come over to pull on the handles. "
 "Spell "
 "dude"
 "Ahhhhhhh so hot."
 "the Roger Ebert memorial actually made me tear up: [Roger Ebert Hails Human Existence As 'A "It happens in the US. Technically it is illegal but in practice morphine does hasten death in the dying and hospice is a free government sponsored program.  All you have to be is dying (within the next 6 months) and in pain to qualify for the program. "
 "Really not going to argue with you about course requirements, since perhaps you attend the rare university that requires more of their music ed majors. My main point here is that the description of music ed majors re harmonizing music they transcribed and imposing asymmetric meters over this tune does not sound like any music ed major I've ever met since they are statistically the worst students at any university. If you are the exception to the rule, transcribe and re harmonize \"Winter Wonderland\" and post it here. I know the standard harmonizations, so you must, as in the set up to this story, transcribe the tune."
 "I got an enema after they started the pitocin, so I didn't poop during labor at least."
 "What about people with fat fetishes, they'd be sexually deprived."
 "The workers at McDonalds making 7.25 an hour can quit whenever they want. "
 "Hot =/= Good partner"
 "This whole time I was sort of under the impression he just walked up on stage, stated fake signing and everyone just sort of went with it.   But he was actually hired... That makes it less funny and more stupid."
 "Lets kick it back to straight hip hop lets start it from scratch"
 "Bitcoins are worth something."
 "I'm gonna do that."
 "When they learn how to drive. "
 "***[ENHANCING INTENSIFIES]***"
 "Or confuse barbecue with grilling."
 "Yeah, I literally just learned how to tie my shoes. Up until last week, I just wore Velcro's. Giovanni Doshani ferrari you name it, I wore it on my feet. But last week I scrolled down the front page and it had an article: \"learn how to tie shoes with three easy steps!\" I was quite excited. With an opening of a link and a click of the play button I was tying shoes in circles around Velcro's. A very invigorating experience."
 "United States?"
 "Better!"
 "Keep in mind that in some countries, it's keep left. Use the roads as indication. In Australia it's keep left on the road, and same on escalators."
 "But in order to know a language fluently wouldn't you have to understand it?"
 "Air. "
 "Yes"
 "Value to society has never been the main driving force behind wages and salaries. If it were, doctors would be making CEO money. "
 "that one time, right before i shit myself."
 "Tell me why should a CEO be allowed to conduct business without paying a living wage to all the employees of the company?       Umm, because he can find employees who are willing to work for what he's paying?         Now, tell me why said CEO should pay people *more* money than their services bring to the company?     "
 "So your idea is to take out loans and put yourself into debt on the gamble that if you move to a place you can have a job that will pay you enough to pay off the loans.   So basically, make huge financial gambles on the hope it pays off, and when it doesn't ruin your life by declaring bankruptcy. Cool.   "
 "do you call it A-bombing too?"
 "Rates of divorce. No plans to get married yet. "
 "The thing about this entire discussion lately that I find surprising is that so many people now seem to think that minimum wage entry level jobs are intended to be a permanent position. When I was working at that level I realized my future lay in improving my performance and getting out or up. /smh"
 "Unless you're talking to a sociologist, it pretty much does. "
 "I feel another one coming... Ohhhhh, this is faaaar from ogre "
 "The Kraken rum mixed with Coca Cola.  And some ice cubes."
 "R/outside"
 "[I Died laughing the first time I saw this!!! Perfection.] "Midnight happened, thought we'd kiss but didn't. Then some time after he took me aside asked me to be his gf and asked me if it was okay for him to kiss me. We're celebrating our 7th anniversary New Year's Day tomorrow :)"
 "Picking my nose. It's a wonder I have any boogers."
 "i would change my world"
 "I agree with you and would like to add: How do you define living wages? I guess you could say that you define a basket of goods that people should get each month, along with a size of house and how much water and electricity they use.  But different lifestyles cost different amounts.  Some people have kids, do we adjust up for that?  Some people spend more money on cars, some people spend more on houses and some people are very frugal.  If you get roommates, and don't buy a car, your living wage will be lower.  Also, some folks just don't bring many skills to the table and it doesn't make it worthwhile to the company to pay them anything.  But if you disregard what it would cost some people to live, and allow them some money, you put a lower rung on the ladder.  They may not be living to your standards, but they are living.  If you demanded they get paid a 'living wage' or nothing...they get nothing.  Think of an immigrant who has to be trained on a grill, what would happen if all grill jobs paid living wages?  There'd be no opportunity for the unskilled."
 "I would, but I cant afford the prices because my industry has driven down entry level pay more than we like to let people see"
 "My guinea pig seemingly would rather walk around my back while I reach nervously for her instead of sitting in my arms.   Also loves to run through the house when she jumps her barrier instead of hiding or going cautiously. "
 "If I admitted to it, would their be forgiveness?"
 "Ended it with my ex sooner. Would have saved me the torture of trying to continue a failing long distance relationship. "
 "At Magic Mountain, the water ride on a hot day. Waited 7 hours. I'm not kidding, i'm even rounding down."
 "Serious answer would be something like Nazi propaganda. "
 "You're gonna have to ask them regardless of where they rest between sets.   Can't just go without asking and use a machine just because someone is inbetween sets. "
 "Yupyup"
 "Coincidentally, most ramps are there to fulfill the law about accessibility, but they are too steep for most manual chair users to be able to use alone.  This touches on why I asked. It seemed to me that most handicapped (sorry if that word bothers you) stalls and ramps exist because of the law, not demand."
 "I agree that it's pretty bitchy for guys to complain, but I will say that no woman has any idea of how much condoms KILL pleasure for men."
 "Because the class war is very one sided among center-right leaning sites like reddit."
 "I hope better. Much better."
 "I've never understood this... \"Be funny\". Just be funny. People do have different senses of humor. Be goofy? Sarcastic? Make jokes? Be offensive or PC? What does that mean?   I know several people and have heard of several others that really shine at gatherings/parties, make people laugh, are charming and charismatic and then behind the scenes they can't hold a relationship, they go from job to job, they are terrible to live with. They're ultimately a douche bag. "
 "I would happily become Mr Amy Pond"
 "The Doge slowly die out   Hunted to extinction for its Karma rich pelts"
 "Blood on the headboard."
 "If I can add to this, invest in a diverse spice rack!  Spices can make the most bland and boring foods fun, tasty, and fragrant.    When I was in college I could make a bad ass pack of Ramen.  French onion soup?  Add some caramelized onion, garlic powder, and thyme to your typical beef flavor pack, pour the soup in a large coffee cup, cover with cheese of your choice, microwave till it melts.  Play with the flavors and see what you like, if you're a college student custom ramen recipes are a great place to start.  A spice rack will always keep things interesting in the kitchen!"
 "Why is it that people named McCandless feel that it is necessary to venture off into the wild and possibly die?"
 "\"No. I'm fine.\"-everyone who has ever been upset ever "
 "That the civil war wasn't mostly over slavery."
 "I've never been hazed, nor do I want to really. I don't see the point in making people do crazy stuff just to say they are in a frat. Closest I've been through is going through basic training but that was for a job, not just a social club."
 "aww thats a sweet thing, no thats not wrong!"
 "Lights Bokan &lt;3 "
 "Some way to easily purge excess fat, preferably through the rectum. "
 "There's also insourcing [as mentioned by /u/yeouinaru, which involves guest worker visas and is completely legal."
 "I had few people about the first time, but I felt and feel that I did not need one. Keep in mind, that shit works on people differently. That and make sure you know what the fuck you are taking, read up on it, or make friends with someone who has. "
 "How do you propose to do that? I work at a wage below what most people call a living wage, but I don't mind because I like what I do. If living wage legislation went into effect, my industry would mostly dry up. "
 "STOP MAKING EXCUSES!"
 "One thing people overlook is that the teenager most likely won't be working full time. Most teenagers in highschool with jobs wouldn't be able to work more than 4 hours a day and keep up with school. If the teenager is working full time (8 hour work days) they aren't gonna be in school. Someone in this situation is most likely going to have to support themselves by working. Or they are working to support their family. If they make a little extra money so be it. They are sacrificing they're chance at education to work. Don't you think it would be fair for them to have some money to put into savings so they can have some rainy day money or money to save for things they will need later on?"
 "this post seems well reasoned, but the structure of your argument only thinly conceals your counter-revolutionary bias"
 "Except you are forced into that job, otherwise millions of people wouldnt have minimum wage jobs."
 "\"Ohhhhh yeahhhhh\" like the \"Macho Man\" Randy Savage."
 "Psychopathic whore ex ranting and raving about how I was making a massive mistake and that if I didn't take her back -after she cheated on me with my best friend- I would never find anyone better than her. After i laid down that statement, she was speechless. I think for one brief moment she realized how childish she was. And I walked to my car, and drove away."
 "I surfed Every morning I loved it.  One day though I took a shore break and the powerful wave sucked the board out from underneath me and I did a natural pile driver into the compressed sand of the ocean floor.  I still feel and hear that moment till this day. It was a hard crack on my skull. I lost all the on the crown of my head from the impact. I had compression damage on 2 vertebrae and the third took the brunt of it and cracked.  I drove home.  My girlfriend forced me to go to the hospital which I did.  I walked out after the results and waiting on the stretcher in the hall for 3 hours.  Waste of time.  I had to scoot with my back to get out of bed and roll to my hands and knees for a long time.  I wore a yoke for a few months and that didn't help my driving skills I tell ya.  I am 100% operational today without the effects of the accident through the use of yoga.  One important position is lying on your back and touching your toes to floor beyond your head and holding that for 90 seconds.  It is extremely awkward but it will not kill you.  It may take time to build up to it but it is like a drug on how great it makes you feel."
 "Perhaps.  \"Livable wage\" is a phrase that sounds warm and fuzzy, until you think about the reverse question: why should a business owner be forced to pay you above what your skills are worth?"
 "Girls having sex with the wrong guy."
 "The best things, in life are free."
 "Clear your history."
 "And all the attachments!"
 "[see comment "A HUG! COME 'ERE YOU! *bear hug*"
 "learn how to program."
 "Could I have a purring mechanism? Please?"
 "[xkcd "This is not clear cut.  With less people, the labor supply shrinks and wages rise.  Natural resources can be spread out among a smaller population, making everyone richer.  Global warming is slowed, lessening its impact on people who had nothing to do with its progression.  Real estate, gas, food and energy become cheaper with less demand.  I look forward to a less populated world.  Especially when so many of our tasks will be automated in the future anyway."
 "Domenik Hixon has the word **chip** on his shoulder."
 "yeah this one is hilarious, my favorite version of this gif is the one with smooth criminal playing in the background"
 "I'm convinced that \"inflammable\" means flammable in a bad way (\"infamous\" v \"famous\")   [This is flammable. [This  is inflammable. "
 "Fact: Monkeys are smarter than half the human population. I've been to Wal-Mart and seen this first hand. "
 "Because the situation you just described literally doesn't exist anywhere in the United States of America and you just invented a straw man argument to rail against?  You show me a high school student that will not only schedule 40 hours but actually show up to work every day, AND work as hard and as smart as the aforementioned employee and do that all for $3.63/hr, go on, I'll wait right here."
 "A tldr; for people who make more than min wage already, an increase in min wage will decrease their buying power due to the increase in prices.  The only way to avoid this is make corporations pay out of their profits which is not en forcible with just raising the min wage.  Actually the more i think about it, raising the min wage no matter what, decreases the REAL buying power of anyone who makes more than min wage already.   If you say, well anyone who makes mroe than min wage gets a proportional bump as well, well then Effectively nothing will have happened. "
 "Just barking for weiners. "
 " However, I interpreted the question as pointing the blame at corporations or the market for these unjust results. I wanted to answer the question of both \"why don't companies pay more?\" and why some people think they shouldn't. The alternative is, as you stated, to subsidize wages or increase welfare and social assistance. Both of these are governmental measures which are a considerably less popular solution than the minimum wage. Why? Because people would like to believe that they can force greedy corporations to pay more to the poor so they don't have to pay more taxes to solve abject poverty and starvation. But, as they say in economics, there's no free lunch.  Or wages could be a little more \"fair\". There's no reason that the pay ratio for executives to regular employees should have risen to be as high as it is in the past half century. I forget the exact figure, but wasn't it something like 95% of all wealth earned or generated since 2008 has gone to the top 1% or 0.5% of earners, whereas the middle and lower classes have seen a decrease or stagnation in wages, wealth, etc...?  Corporate pay and benefits are ridiculous. To give an example: someone I know works at a decent sized corporation, where new management was brought in following new majority ownership. A few years later at the end of the year bonuses are given out. One executive who had been there for only six months, and as a result it could be argued had not contributed as much as other executives (as well as the regular employees) to growth and earnings, received a $300,000 bonus (depending on the position, that is more than three to eight times the yearly salary of the average employee there). That is absurd."
 "I went to French 5 in high school. That was a good 15 years ago and I the best I can do is translate my shampoo bottle ingredients "
 "I used the IPA keys from the Wiktionary entries of the words, which I largely agree with, although the people that edit the entries don't have a unified system of transcription, so sometimes they'll mark stress and other times they don't.  I think you're right about the schwa thing. I'm not the best at transcription."
 "Tape Measure. That metal thing on the end is supposed to move, don't start measuring at the 1 inch mark."
 "That everything matters to everyone"
 "ITT: trauma_kmart"
 "My library card."
 "A photographer for National Geographic with enough free time and energy to play some immersive video games with friends."
 "A blanket with a bunch of pictures of police cars on it."
 "I've read that this is somewhat in development, as far as being able to use hand gestures to do various tasks. A computer that understands sign language isn't much of a stretch from that. "
 "*smash plate on ground*  OPAH!"
 "OMG WE SHOULD FORM A CLUB!"
 "\"Who just farted in my pants?!\""
 "The police and your apartment don't care at all. If you track down the people yourself, they MIGHT arrest them.   Did you have renters insurance?"
 "You and I would probably not get along. My entire sense of humor basically revolves around complaining about shit."
 "That's what we said."
 "I prefer shaved, but unless it's an extreme case body hair isn't going to make or break attraction for me."
 "Where would I go?"
 " The question to the company is, if I have someone employed in this position for $X, will I earn more than $X in extra **profit**. If they don't, then the job is effectively charity because the company loses money by hiring you.  You mean revenue, not profit. I don't have to increase my profit by 100,000$ when I hire someone who earns 100,000--as long as I increase it at all, it's a good decision. "
 "Every year, I listen to [this] song. There is always a fresh start. "
 "I got a little teary eyed, ngl"
 "Thank you; it is very interesting."
 "Enjoy the gold and Happy New Year!"
 "I'm married, and we have a 6 year old. We don't drink, and we aren't rich. Why aren't you going out to party tonight?"
 "I'm poor, but I'll still participate. It's Reddit gold, after all!"
 "burns. unless you've yelled with half a lung at an EMT to take the oxygen mask off your face because you were going to vomit from the pain you haven't really felt pain.   i'd like to add i've had aqua regia in my eyes and fallen three stories to fractured heels. that was a a walk in the park."
 "Nowhere to go."
 "That basically is the law already. Just takes a little digging and math. "
 "\"I fucked Ted, bitch\" "
 "Usually for message boards a sticky thread is one that stays at the top despite how recent comments are. On reddit it looks like it's a \"Mega Thread\" "
 "The ability to know if it really is just a fart."
 "Still relevant?"
 "It does mean that you have to walk more/faster because the line is faster. I dont see how its more efficient either, on average. You can be fucked over hard in a bad lane, but you can go through super fast on a good one. "
 "Ew. Nothing like residual urine, butt sweat, and poo whiff to get you in the mood, eh?"
 "Netherlands - We have a big problem here with how we detain illegal immigrants. These people aren't criminals yet they are treated like they are worse. Amnesty International even condemned how we treat our illegal immigrants.  "
 "And.....I'm an idiot, forgot I  have ad blocker on....never mind, crawling into a hole now. "
 "I have enough stuff at home to entertain me, no need to put myself in busy areas with drunks."
 "Just like this."
 "Remove the need of sleeping please."
 "Heres the thing, if something matters, it still doesnt matter enough to let it chip away days from your life through stress. "
 "But you'd have to take your pants completely off for that to work. "
 "Holding a fucking pen properly.  I've seen too many people hold it in their fist, or even weirder in their *middle finger and NOTHING ELSE.* "
 "because i dont want to unless my bf comes over."
 "The only reason any straight male/gay female watched that show."
 "Quit all forms of tobacco"
 "Ripper Roo! (He's a kangaroo)"
 "A thoughtful response, but I feel like you've missed out two key points.   A) It assumes that the market will find some kind of equilibrium. But the truth is, if you want, or could, pay people $3/hr to work at McDonalds, I'm sure you could find people to work that job. Equilibriums in pricing of goods are different than equilibrium in salaries. One has a social/societal context. And that's something corporations don't particularly like to engage. Thus, they let government fill in the social gaps (ie not being able to feed yourself, get health care, etc)  B) This also assumes that for some reason, raising wages is too burdensome for businesses.  For some, perhaps. But for the largest employers in the country, that's patently false. Plenty of economists have written about Walmart's and McDonald's wages and what raising their average pay to $15 would do to their bottom line.  Would the bottom line drop? Well in Walmart's case, it would go from 9 billion dollars a year to 6 billion. Hard to show any sympathy in this case. They're basically making the case that it's more important to serve at the pleasure of shareholders than the hundreds of thousands of people (if not millions, if you include the families) who work for Walmart.   Also worth nothing...Usually when people on the right make this argument, they completely fail to calculate the other side of the equation...the new purchasing power of these well paid employees.    Bottom line, this is a cultural dilemma...not an economic one.  Publicly traded companies have expectations to meet the profitability demands of their shareholders and the market. And they have a few ways to regulate that. And one big way is by paying people as little as possible. What the cultural outcome of that is another story.   Costco pays decent wages. They seem to be doing ok. The problem is this supply-side myth that paying people living wages is absolutely anti-business. People prove that not to be the case, time and time again.  But some people are greedy. And they will validate that opinion as much as they can.   The most simple question you have to ask yourself is this: if you can't survive on the wages you make working, what is the point of working? That's one quick way to becoming a 3rd world country. And that's precisely where we're headed. Because as the country's largest employers continue to pay less and less, and as living costs continue to rise, the government will ultimately have to fit the bill.  So as a supply-sider, conservative, you have to ask yourself...what's more important to your ideology? Paying people shit wages? Or having government expand social programs? Or, more disturbing...pay people shit wages AND cut government social programs.  That last option, unfortunately, seems to be what's occurring now. We've convinced ourselves that if we simply cut food stamps, people will magically find a way to feed themselves. And if we cut unemployment insurance, people will magically find jobs.  The truth, unfortunately, is that corporations need to just man the fuck up and pay people living wages. Because no matter how you want to legitimize it, I find it utterly deplorable that the 6 members of the Walton family (owners of Walmart) have more wealth than the bottom 40% of America. If that's a country you want to live in, I can tell you what your future looks like...head to the 3rd world. "
 "Ask first, always. Because one night it might be awesome, another night it might get you kicked in the balls.   Once you get permission, don't slap like you're wanting to leave a mark. Gentle yet persuasive is the best way to describe it."
 "The gist is I'm not willing to pay $5 for an iPhone app since what does it do?  Apple has made this nest of vipers and in-app-purchases itself."
 "...Did you hear a duck? "
 "That was my 2012. Every new year is a time to get a fresh start."
 "I don't know why I snorted at that. I pictured someone's frizzy-haired aunt June laying on a couch, still covered in new years party glitter, lazily watching  the price is right while a frustrated mom screams at her. She doesn't care. "
 "There was [this NEW YEAR!!!"
 "what the hell, how dare you make me tear up, first time i get hugged :( pls love me"
 "grammar."
 "What is a livable wage? Your $20k a year is livable for me, at $20k/year I could even take an annual vacation without any financial trouble. A minimum wage full-time job with today's minimum wage is livable for me, entirely. For you, it's different. The idea of a living wage is subjective, because it's dependent on how you live.   Concerning the low-skilled work paying a low wage, it's really supply and demand. There are millions of people who can fill these jobs, while there's fewer who can work higher skilled jobs. Therefore, the income for the higher-skilled jobs is higher. When the supply of low-cost labor exceeds the demand, which at this time it does, the pay is lower and more hours are needed.  Now, based on labor economics, something I'm working on learning, if you were to suddenly bring everything to a \"living wage\" many employers would eliminate these positions by automating them. Additionally, you would have more desire to enter the workforce from disability, welfare, and so on. Both together and you have a sink in the supply of jobs while increasing the demand, which, guess who loses out? The poor and uneducated, and those who have a hard time getting hired as it is due to past felonies and so on. I personally would rather see people working for less than see millions more who are suddenly unemployable entirely. "
 "What was your highlight of 2013?"
 "But if you don't tell them something is wrong how can they improve it? They may go home that night thinking everything is alright, then never hear from you again. They'll be doomed to forever wonder why the date, which they thought went great, was never repeated."
 "I usually apologize for the person \"sorry! this asshole apparently needs an audience\""
 "I was talking purely workwise. Basically how tired I am after coming off a ten hour shift. As weird as it sounds McDonalds was harder technically them the cabinet place. All I did there was put boards into a CNC machine and hit a button the take them out. At McDonalds I had to memorize burgers and prioritize my time and all that but the actual labor was easy. I agree the main reason to be in one of those creative jobs is to see your creation, but at the time I was 17 and just needed money."
 "I dont have a Car.....or Friends."
 "My fiancee believed this until I showed her what was stuck in our pipes.  I've never seen someone go from smug to vomit that quickly before."
 "- Learn the nuances of personal finance. - Make a realistic budget and stick to it like someone depended on you to. - plan your purchases  - credit cards are the devil if you don't understand them "
 "I started reading this, then though \"wait.. This sounds like /u/Rob_G\"."
 "How the normal masses are put into shadow by an ignorant few"
 "Staying in with friends.  Big NYE parties *suuuuuuuuck*."
 "Yea I feel I'm one of the few people in nj that can do that. In nj there's a spot where rt208 meets rt287 and 208 goes on an overpass over 287 and you can see 287 coming from the right... They kind of come together like an upside down v. I've gotten so good at reading that traffic coming up 287 that when it's time for the highways to meet I can jump into the middle lane (or if the condition and timing is right, I can whip right into the fast lane) and pass the people merging in front of me. Keep in mind also that the speed limit on 287 is 10mph faster than 208."
 "So why in addition to minimum wage are there not also limits on profits thereby increasing money flow to the workers?   I mean to put it simply, people can survive on zero dollars a day if they were left to their own devices, but the corporate infrastructure that is forced on us all from birth leaves no way to progress past this point without a job. Being that I spent many years living a carefree life I have recently taken employment(4 years ago is what I mean by recently) I make over 15 an hour, over 30,000 a year and still I just hate the fact that I trade my hours for money, and it is still difficult to get by. I can't even imagine how living on minimum wage could be, I most certainly would not rule out theft for food and necessities and this I would consider a morally right action being that it is a response to an infrastructure forced upon all of us.  I just can't see why people should make any less than 50 dollars an hour honestly, especially whilst there are billionaires walking amongst us.  I mean I agree some people have provided services and products that make them far more indispensable to humanity, but jeez would anyone say that one human is actually worth 50 times more than another? And that is not even the tip of the ice berg. How about one million times more worthy of aquiring lifes luxeries and necessities?  So I guess the question is: While avoiding a complete centralization of state power how can the profits of corporate entities and their officials be regulated so that more profits go to the people actually creating the world around us? And why has no part of humanity tried this yet?"
 "No luck needed to be successful with even a modicum of intelligence and a work ethic.  The problem is a lot of people don't have an upbringing that teaches them the core skills necessary to move up in the world. Most of us received all sorts of little advantages from our parents that we don't recognize because we assume that wisdom, or those skills, are as obvious to everyone else as they are to us."
 "A guy in tech school commissioned me to draw a tattoo for him in exchange for free internet usage. The tattoo consisted of a turtle being shot out of a canon wearing chuck Taylor's, and wielding a Bo staff and nunchakus. The turtle is being shot up towards his nipple and has his mouth open as if he's about to bite it. It was the weirdest request and I still can't believe the guy got it. This guy was the king of bad tattoos, he also got his MTI's name and rank tattooed on his calf and his ID number from basic training tattooed on his hip. "
 "Another year, another... year."
 "Because if people get paid more than they are worth to the company, then that employee is operating at a loss and is detrimental to the company. This is the same reason that degrees and experience generally mean making more money - you bring more to the table, so your value to the company is higher than someone without those degrees and experience."
 "The TARDIS!"
 "Another example: This guy in my hometown was accused of raping a girl. His name was put in the paper. The girls brother brutally murdered him. The girl later revealed she was just lying because she felt regret for having consensual sex with him. I agree with the idea of releasing the names and photos of convicts but I don't think I do for just arrestees."
 "Meyers-Briggs has always struck me as the slightly-more-educated equivalent of star signs. I mean, maybe it has a little more truth to it than those, but your sister's behavior (and that of several others I've encountered) is clearly overboard.  I have a feeling she'll soon (if she hasn't already) begin reacting to them, even pushing certain people away and bringing others closer, not because of what they've done, but because of what she thinks they might do because an online test told her so.  From a viewpoint more centered on the types themselves than the people who use them, my major problem with them is that they take four continua, all of which can vary over time, and categorize the result as a binary, which is highly dishonest. It's possible for a person to get 49% on one test and be classified as one thing, then get 51% on another test and be classified as the other thing; and this can happen because of the questions or because a person's mood changes over time."
 "Poor guy."
 "So far, there have been 46 gilds. Keep it up!"
 "Took a friend to the strip club for his 18th birthday. It was a fully nude club so no alcohol was served there. We pregamed it in the parking lot.   We head in the club hammered with 5 other friends. We get a table and start watching the girls. Like any other strip club, the girls flock and sit on our laps. Birthday boy fell in love with this girl in a lime green outfit.  Birthday boy's brother offers to buy him a lap dance.  He takes the offer and we all watch him as the stripper bumps and grinds on him. The brother throws a twenty on the stripper and tells her to rub her ass and pussy on his face and she does. Birthday boy said it was the best gift anyone could've given him.   A few hours pass and we head to the hotel to knock out. In the morning we wake up and birthday boy's eye is swelled shut. We all assume it's pink eye from the stripper's snatch. We rush him to the ER.   He gets seen and tells the story to the doctor. Doctor takes a look at his eye. The doctors says \"Well son, it's not pink eye..\" Pulls out a pair of tweezers then plucks an eyelash off and says, \"You had a crab on your eyelash.\"  Happy birthday Dillon!  "
 "This reply is everything that is wrong with Western thought. 'Move up'? 'Incentive'? 'Production'? \"American Psycho\" much? Why can't someone just make pizza their whole lives and be happy?"
 "My dad did.  I can only go on what he told me, but they have lots of cars for good deals and are in good condition.  Criminals don't exactly plan on getting caught, so they still keep their cars in good condition.  Ever since he told me that, my plan has been to buy my next car at one.  The police didn't pay for them, so they don't mind letting them go for less.  I don't know anything about the actual bidding for them though."
 "Here's the [video of the Apparently it didn't want to be photographed."
 "In Italy we have them "
 "Biweekly.... is it twice a week? or once every two weeks?   The dictionary says that both definitions are valid. Thanks."
 "Isn't that a monthly occurrence? "
 "An oft forgotten argument is that there is not a general consensus among labor economists about the effects of raising the minimum wage. Some studies have shown that the net costs outweigh the net benefits of increasing the minimum wage. It's been a while since i took labor economics but i'll try to summarize some of the arguments as best I can.   First, the labor market is at equilibrium at the point where demand and supply intersect. An increase in the minimum wage would likely cause the demand for labor to decrease, resulting in a supply surplus. This would probably make it harder for unemployed individuals to find a job. It could also cause people to loose their jobs if the cost of employing them is too great. Also, if the minimum wage were raised to $10 people already making $10 or more would not get any additional benefit from the increased minimum wage.   Also, labor is an input and when the cost of inputs increases it is often passed on to consumers in the form of higher prices of goods. Higher prices of goods means a higher cost of living, thus negating the benefits of receiving a higher wage. While I support a higher minimum wage, it is not the cure-all that some people seem to think it is.  "
 "Cut back on drinking or abstain completely."
 "Special Olympics T-Ball Stand Pitches Perfect Game"
 "who cares its their picture to take however they want"
 "Well, Shit. "
 "You're going to get a biased response because reddit never reacts well to a woman saying, \"eh... I don't crave the dick all the time.\"  The fact is, horniness basically comes from testosterone. Women with higher levels will want sex more. Women that are on something like birth control that affects hormone levels will want sex less. The reason women like period sex so much is because that's when their testosterone levels are highest. It also explains why men are generally hornier than woman.  Well, I'm on hormonal birth control and I probably have low testosterone because I'm Asian, and the fact is I almost *never* fantasize about men. Maybe I used to when I was younger (I'm 30, so it's not like I'm even that old), but then it was only men that I was interested in. I never see a random man and wonder what it would be like to have sex with him. Now, this isn't to say that I don't like sex or that I don't have it (been dating for 5 years, and we have sex 3-5 times a week. We're not doing bad for our demographic), it just means that I don't randomly start thinking about dudes in the middle of the day."
 "Go for the gospel. Matthew 19:19. \"Honor your father and mother. Love your neighbor as yourself.\""
 "eh, I'll do that next year"
 "  it seems that no matter how cute they are if they have any amount of pudge they get rated low.   There isn't a defined rating system, and it's all subjective to how desperate the guys looking at you are. If some guy is constantly sleeping with supermodels and has an abnormally low sex drive, then they would constantly be comparing everybody else to those supermodels. Alternatively, if another guy was a 30 year old virgin with an abnormally high sex-drive, then he would find obese trailer trash attractive.   But if you really want a number, subtract one point for people who are in love with you. So, you'd be around a 7. "
 "Simple. The ability to shapeshift, then we could change any problems ourselves."
 "An IRA is guaranteed though. Thats the difference. You cant take the money you put in out until you are 59 but you can take the intrest. But of course it is better to leave it in."
 "How? Can you explain what is wrong with what I said?"
 "One of those \"grab the cash\" wind machine tubes."
 "He already roasts his own beans, so he's got that going for him."
 "Your original post conjured up an imagine in my head that depicted you as a 15-year old prissy girl who was WAY too spoiled by her mother.  I thought - why would an adult/20 year old \"make up a policy\" #1 and #2 - why would an adult become bent out of shape and refuse direct communication and have to go through their MOTHER and finally - #3, why would a grown, mature person NEED to be told \"thank you\" so badly.  I had NO idea you were an adult MAN until I took a peek at your profile - you are a cutie, but after reading some of your other posts - now I understand all of this much better. Good luck in life RobustoRay!  "
 "I don't go on nights out often enough because I dont live near any of my friends (3.5 hours to the closest)"
 "I think so. I mean, it's really on his part if he wants to or not...you just gotta lay back and enjoy. "
 "Well it's not really a joke but more a fact. Testosterone=body hair. Girls can't normally grow chest/back hair. It's just saying those guys are hairy, just look manly. Ain't nothing wrong with that."
 "They don't anyway."
 "FUCK YOU I WON'T DO WHAT YOU TELL ME!"
 "[dust "What the fuck are you on about?  People accused of sex crimes are always named prior to trial.  [Rolf for example - he has not been found guilty of any crime yet."
 "There are self checkouts at a grocery store where I work (where I buy my lunches). They work great. They obviously require maintenance but overall I'm glad it's there. Now if only people would stop taking their time checking out and things would be perfect."
 "Part of what constitutes a living wage is the price of goods (namely consumable goods). If companies pay higher wages, they would increase the prices of their goods, making what was once a living wage no longer so liveable. You could argue that companies should cut into there profits for the benefit of the public good but that is a separate topic. In essence, the result of increasing wages is increasing prices and likely reducing quantity which really doesn't help the impoverished at all."
 "We can go in hibernation mode for as long as we want i mean a long time."
 "Placebos work. (That last symbol is a period) It just needs more regulation for claims that are being made.. but unfortunately the opposite is happening and HPUS components are actually active ingredients that **enable** companies to make pharmaceutical claims."
 "Right before the mall, in the same town where I live. We have a similar road except everyone in the outside lane cuts off the inside lane. I purposely wait for the person in front of me (while in the outside lane) cut the inside lane off. I speed up and trap them in between me and the inside lane car and flick them off the while at the same time the inside lane car flicks them off. An they get trapped in a median lol serves you right for cutting lines!"
 "Is it better it comes as a chock to them, when/if someone around them dies?"
 "Do not let your house become the hang out! I cannot stress this enough, it is my biggest regret when I moved out and got roommates. It might seem awesome at first, but it will soon lose its grandeur. Your home is the place you go to relax and unwind, that is hard to do when you open your door and there are 10 people in your living room dirtying your place up. It will also get annoying when people start bypassing you completely and you don't even know when and who is coming over. Soon stuff goes missing, things get broken, friendships get strained, etc. and you start to dread coming home. Just remember, your home is your home, not the bar. "
 "The northeast, grew up there but moved away never stopped loving it"
 "Don't piss off your GF."
 "Skylar Astin"
 "He'd love it..."
 "I'm not sure, but it definitely wouldn't be short!"
 "No touching"
 "Wow, that one's lame. You do realize that all of that stuff is not only paid for by *taxes* on the person and their parents, but also that many of them *aren't even necessary* to success? Just ask the Amish."
 "Because they tried to screw me out of a promotion."
 "Did any one else hate that book?   I mean, the concept is great. The beginning, sure. But, then it is just 100 pages of him having sex with some girl he just meant. They have sex in the forest, they have sex in the apartment, SEX SEX SEX SEX SEX- oh, look they got caught. Now, let's have a 30-page, somewhat exciting but still badly written ending. ANNNDDD DONE!"
 "I think the answer has to do with the U.S. being heavily influenced by Protestant Europe (especially Calvinism).  If you were industrious and made money, you were seen as elected by God (i.e. predestined) to be saved.  Therefore, people who make low wages are not favored by God and must be think this is more of in line with what OP was asking for rather than, \"supply and demand.\""
 "Plus someone gifted you gooold"
 "Spanish, why? Because I live in America.."
 "I dunno, I feel like there is an obvious difference between 'natural look make up' and actually having no make up on. I don't see why men couldn't tell that.."
 "\"With Second Chances\" by Silverstein."
 "AHHHHHH I love it so much! i get excited seeing the orange."
 "Gaming journalism? "
 "You aren't worth a living wage. "
 "Another fun one is that gold members get a notification when their username is mentioned."
 "Tongue punch my fart box"
 "Things don't just change from one day to another. Changing is a process. Resolutions usually don't end up in anything. They only work if you have enough motivation - which will not be bigger tomorrow than today."
 "I had a really bad time in school with people named Amber and Ashley bullying me. I got over this when I became really good friends with an Ashlee and her fiancee is named Amber, and she's awesome too.   The only celebrities I've seen in television and movies with my name are women of color, and I'm white as fuck so I think that too haha."
 "Ashlie's are total bitches but Ashley's are usually cool. Something about that \"ie\" just makes them into a bitch. "
 "ah thanks :)"
 "I don't want gold."
 "goes so god damn well with your username!"
 "I don't think that it should be forbidden, I just think that there should be a duty to include a definite disclaimer that states that homeopathy is most likely just a placebo drug and that anyone who tries it should consider different treatments which are more supported by evidence."
 "Not sure if it's hiring practices or what, but I have never seen an average looking fireman. It's not just the uniform, either. "
 "I can be your friend...*twitches*"
 "Ouups..."
 "I'm an introvert."
 "the AFLAC duck. Picture staring you in the face."
 "Family is coming over so there's no need to go out. "
 "Man Prone to Lying Beds Woman Prone to Lying Prone"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "That sounds like an awesome year! Seems like many great memories were made that year:)"
 "No you can't. Not without help. There is no way you can afford an apartment remotely close to my area on minimum wage."
 "Id also say it penalizes people who are in a hurry and are able to choose a line that goes through the quickest, or prefers a particular cashier/aisle."
 "I rode the gatekeeper this summer, only in line for 45 minutes. Of course that's probably because it rained so hard that morning that the parking lot practically flooded. My bf and I only had that day to go, so we said fuck it and hoped it would clear up by the afternoon. We totally lucked out- beautiful cool, sunny weather from 12:45. We also had the park practically to ourselves since anyone with more sense went home."
 "Whoa! *doo doo dun dun dun*"
 "That is definitely a \"fuck yeah!\" moment. Congrats!!!"
 "How many people did you sleep with this year?"
 "Cuntrol?"
 "After delivering the baby in store \"we did something really really nice for you. Shut up and wait\" followed by \"did you see the vagina?\" classic"
 "\"Just the tip.\""
 "Spanish, because my native language (tagalog) was kinda derived from the spanish language. That makes it easier to learn it, also spanish sounds cool lol. Oh! and also 60% (estimation) of tales of pirates players are spanish. I wanted to communicate with them without having to use a translator haha."
 "That's amazing, you hadn't kissed before he asked you to be his girlfriend?"
 "Collins are pretty relaxed."
 "Congrats!"
 "I have to work in the morning."
 "\"Special Olympics T-Ball Stand Pitches Perfect Game.\""
 "I would get some tickets for possession and paraphernalia because it's at least decriminalized in my state (Ohio)."
 "Climb up a massive treehouse probably 500 feet. Seems never ending. Get to the top and eventually fall. I have woken up every time before I landed except once.  I landed in a bush in my grandparents yard, went inside and they had red glowing eyes and were cooking people and eating them.   Fuck dreams."
 "Ceviche and Red Stripe."
 "my favorite is \"Baby in stroller stares at man in wheelchair\""
 "Too damn cold."
 "So basically you suggest that people should go into incredible amounts of debt to have a chance of survival? I feel that's not the right attitude to take to fix the problem of low-paying jobs. "
 "ants..."
 "it comes when you're not looking for it."
 "Bitchy women that act like little high schoolers."
 "This made my year... I'll finally leave 2013 happy."
 "That;s what you really want to go for. Not something involved and vicious, just derisive of them. You also don't want to insult their looks cause then you're the arsehole. "
 "I seeeee you!"
 "Trying too hard"
 "And the English wanting to talk shit."
 "Making someone smile or laugh."
 "i love you man :D"
 "Don't do drugs.  Become a rock star and they give them to you for free."
 "New York City, because... it's NYC. Nuff said."
 "1- Concert Tickets, or Restaurant gift cards.   Automatic date nights."
 "As someone that's owned (and currently owns) prior law enforcement vehicles, they're great workhorses. That said, try to get one that wasn't beat to shit.   My CVPI was an Ohio county unit and went through about 5 alternators in the short time I had it. I ended up mounting a higher-power Mustang alternator into it and that seemed to fix the problem. (lost it to a collision) but the Impala I have now was a constable/transport and has been very reliable.   The only work I've had to do to the Impala so far was some transmission work but that wasn't any fault of the car's, apparently most of the Impalas (even the civilian models) have problems eventually slipping between 1st and 2nd gear or late-shifting into 2nd gear.   I'm looking forward to picking up a Ford Escape for my next car if the local auction house gets any in that aren't too ugly."
 "Ring around the rosie, a pocket full of posies, ashes, ashes we all fall down."
 "California here. Still waiting. 7.5 hours left"
 "You are now conscious of your breathing."
 "Fleet Foxes"
 "Assume."
 "I wish you would have been at the party."
 "This one unfortunately. My boyfriend is skiing with his family, my friends are all back home for Christmas still, and I'm here for work. So tonight was spent alone with an individual pizza and arrested development for company. "
 "No, you just don't come off as immediately super masculine. Nothing wrong with that, calm down buddy. :p"
 "Zimbo zimbo zimbo zimbo zimbo"
 "I completely agree.  But some people (not all people) definitely think they should make what I make and still get to push carts at WalMart.  But yes, I agree that companies that can afford to pay their employees more should do so.  It's good for the employees and good for the economy. "
 "This would be awesome and I can really see it happening."
 "Same. I've never really had a phone or sent a text message."
 "If you like it than you shoulda put an O-ring on it "
 "The ability to teleport with your mind and the ability to cleanse the body of toxins and fat in a fast and noticeable way."
 "Yes. The term plumbers use is \"white mice.\"  You may get away with it for a while. But eventually, you WILL fuck up the pipes."
 "I got really wasted on the 1999-2000 epic New Year's Eve. I don't remember the count down, but apparently I kissed some random guy from the crowd."
 "Everyone needs to earn a living.  If you can't earn a living doing it, then it doesn't need doing."
 "I really would appreciate being able to turn my ovaries egg production off when I don't need them.  Edit: Ah jeeze. You guys know what I mean. To be able to stop my eggs from traveling the tubes and implanting. To be able to keep them right where they are until I want them. Sheesh. \"Production\" was the inappropriate word here. "
 "My dog."
 "It's the only time I bitched about the difficulty of the game. That part seemed unfair to me and cheap. Everything else I was okay with, but that just seemed ridiculous. "
 "My dog is very quirky. During Christmas season he stands with his head in the tree for about 20 minutes at a time. He is completely motionless except for some sniffing"
 "What was your resolution for 2013? Did you accomplish it?"
 "Biblioteca! BIBLIOTECA COMO LLEGO A LA BIBLIOTECA!! Necesito instrucciones. "
 "Periods are like a never ending sinus infection. It affects the way you move, what you eat and drink, how you feel, what you wear, and what you think. But instead of just affecting your head, it affects your tummy area. Both the front and the back. Sometimes you get back aches, and cramps that are a specific muscle clenching and unclenching at random times to dislodge existing material out and away from the body. Its neither clean, neat, or gentle or nice. Sometimes it can be like clockwork. But if you are like me, with a crazy hormone level that doesnt know when to stop, you find away to stop it and fix it. My periods were painful, messy, and lasted 30 or more days with maybe a two week break of no bleeding. Depo provera, a birth control shot is my favorite drug, and I am thankful every time I go to get my three month shot."
 "Jennifer Aniston."
 " an ethical consumer base may have objected to people being paid so little while a company makes so much profit.  I realize I'm cherry picking one part of your comment here and I apologize for it, but the 'how can companies that make so much money pay their employees so little' argument seems to come up a lot and it always seems ridiculous to me. Most people don't seem to understand the scale it takes for a corporation to post a multi billion dollar profit. When you take a few billion dollars and divide it amongst a few million employees nobody really ends up making significantly more money. We'll use McDonald's as an example since they're getting hammered over this right now.   McDonald's net profit in 2012 was about $5.46 billion dollars (source currently employs 1.7 million people (source   If the entire net profit was divided evenly among the employees, it would be $3,212/employee/yr, or $1.54/hr. That's not going to turn flipping burgers into a middle class job. For McDonald's to raise wages significantly they'd have to raise prices significantly or fire a ton of people. Most companies making billion dollar profits aren't refusing to pay their employees more because management and the board of directors are unethical people; they are refusing to pay higher wages because higher wages would bankrupt them. "
 "One of the best posts I have ever seen on reddit. Thank you for taking the time to put this all in writing."
 "Is there anything you regret doing/not doing in 2013? What are you going to do to make sure you don't make this mistake in 2014?"
 "All of them. I could care less if gays get married, abortion, foreign relations, healthcare, etc. I just live life"
 "*JohnBoxer was never heard from again*"
 "Most karmawhores admit they're karmawhores.  Source: I'm a karmawhore."
 "I find having Wednesday off gives me the chance to rest up mid week so I'm usually much more energized throughout the week now. It's definitely different for everyone though, some of the guys I work with are in total agreement with you."
 "Clever guy right here ^"
 "Yes--you're correct, I misspoke. I should have said that hiring you increases profit (minus costs). Increasing revenue strictly obfuscates my point slightly because usually when revenue rises, other non-labor costs rise as well so the effect on profit isn't ambiguous. But yes, any net profit increase is preferred."
 "Another often overlooked substitute is to use a different labour model which could yield the same results while side-stepping government-mandated expenses, e.g. hiring 'part-time' workers to perform the same labour that 'full-time' workers do, after regulations are passed which require special considerations for full-time employees. We've seen a lot of this happen with the Affordable Health Care Act, where employers must purchase health insurance for employees who work a certain number of hours a week, and in response the employers simply cut back on hours.  You could also swap in outside contracts to perform much of the same work. The same person could have two part-time jobs: one working as a custodian at a warehouse, and another working for a cleaning service which contracts hours to that same warehouse."
 "That would be sooo helpful... my shit's are on average about as wide as a coke can, and around a foot long."
 "Please punch that baby in the mouth FTFY"
 "or using a butter knife on bathroom doors"
 "Your attitude is despicable.  My son works at a call center in a VERY high stress job. Currently, he cannot afford to replace his 12 y/o honda due to his 22K income.  When it breaks, he is toast and will have to move in with me. His company, on the other hand, is profitablejust like Walmart which relies on many of its employees using foodstamps to supplement their slave wages.  "
 "Toilet. "
 "Here in Germany, unless theres the specific sign for yielding right of way at the entrances to the roundabout, you have to stop IN THE ROUNDABOUT to let others get in."
 after the People's Daily, in China, reported it as a true story."
 "But Minnesota is the most awesome state out there [except for Michelle Bachman (sp?)].  Minnesota Rules         -  A Canadian who doesn't live far from the border."
 "Agreed, but the regulation is designed to keep the more violent and criminal aspect out of the business.  At the cost of the street level, no harm done folks."
 "nope"
 "I'd rather deliver alone than with a twat like that. Wow."
 "Russian, because I'd love to be able to learn the language. I just keep getting discouraged because of the complexity in comparison to German and Spanish. "
 "...thats a thing?"
 "UKIP (for foreigners, it's like the UKs version of the American tea party)"
 "You did it! Welcome to the wonderful world of reddit"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Sure but you're still lifting with your back. A lot of people using this phrase seem to think the back is idle"
 "I see. Does she have Menieres or something?"
 " The fact that Shakespeare was held in higher regard than economics in my high school education is something I will never understand.  I agree with most things you say, except for this. Don't sell Shakespeare short, bro."
 "The reason is because there is a morbid sickness that has been at work in the world: greed.  Why not build enough houses for everyone in the US rent-free?  Why not have water/trash/internet etc free as well?  Greed is the only answer."
 "Kelly Clarkson.  Adele.  Taylor Swift.  Any celebrity that can sing, really."
 "So you appreciate what you already have in front of you"
 "He's got his priorities in order."
 "or a pair of Louboutins.   "
 "Don't interrupt people in the middle of their thought.  When in a group setting, if someone starts to speak, do NOT wait until they are 3 words into their sentence and then just start speaking over them.  If you do interrupt someone, apologize, and let them continue. Do NOT continue talking over them as they try for a second, third, fourth time to start the sentence they are trying to get out.  If you are one of those people who says \"oh I just didn't hear you\" when there is no difference in the volume of their voice compared to everyone else in the group, fuck you. You know who you are."
 "I'd love to see a spyro game again."
 "Skill. Why should someone who went to college for 4 years earn the same amount as a fast food employee"
 "Depends on you and your friends. The people I know, everyone tends to bring something, and all the booze would be out with the \"help yourself to what you like\" attitude. "
 "Gaping assholes on gonewild"
 "Been there, it fucking hurts."
 "More jelly beans"
 "In the bath: yeah okay  On the toilet: AHH GODS NO WHY EWW GROSS NO"
 "Exactly. I don't even know one but fuck Chad. "
 "Lion blood"
 "If I woke up tomorrow with a penis, I would split the day between masturbating and sex. Possibly, if I have time, I would mark everything with piss. "
 "Supply and Demand does come into play.  Employers pay what is required to get the talent level needed.  If they wanted someone to mop floors at a full run spinning and singing and never having a drop of water go askew, they would need to pay 70 an hour to get someone of that level.  As it goes, if you just need someone to mop a floor, you can find lots of people to do it for minimum wage.  Keeping that in mind, it's best to focus on gathering a rare skill set in life and be ready to locate where it is most valuable."
 "I save a good portion of my check to my 401K.  The day that I got my  diagnoses of cancer I received my quarterly printout in the mail to tell how my investments are doing.  It is sad but, my third thought that came to me after I am gonna die, my family, and that I should of used this money for memories for my family like trips, gifts and etc since there will be no reaching retirement age.  Three years later, I am cancer free and maybe, hopefully I will see the retirement years and glad that I did save it after all.  "
 "Clusterfuck."
 "We're quickly on our way back there if you look at this thread. "
 "George is a nice guy who will probably make it to an old age.  Lee is a total scumbag"
 "Short left turns.  Pull UP enough, and turn 90 degrees properly, instead of almost clipping the people waiting at the red light."
 "Commie"
 "  ducking away from stray bullets from people shooting outside.  Aaaaand now I have a new fear. Thanks.  *cancels RSVP for tonight's pool party*"
 "I think that's what minimum wage is in theory supposed to provide. "
 "Do everything right."
 "ohhhhhh"
 "Two penises, each with a different use.  You know what I mean."
 "I was pissed the last time the minimum wage went up, my cushy high school job that paid above minimum wage became a minimum wage job."
 "Wrong. People start spending more and putting more back into the economy. The profit margins that already exists and make a nice % create more profit because of increased turn over. Fast food makes plenty of profit (have you seen their margins?) already and will do so with more sales.   You have bought into the side of the argument that states minimum wage increase you will have to remove jobs because bosses cant afford to pay ect. This is complete bull shit. Demand for the product/supply will not go down because people have to pay their workers more. It will in fact GO UP because people have more money to spend on things. "
 " If McDonald's wanted to, they could fire everyone striking for $15/hour and replace them all with people willing to work for minimum wage. Supply far outweighs demand in this case.  How does breaking a scab's legs weigh in on supply and demand? "
 "Japanese.   ALWAYS wanted to learn it but I haven't found a good resource yet. "
 "Well, unless she is consuming the dick I don't think this gets taught is most households"
 "something will show up if you lower your expectations enough"
 "Thanks."
 "Not sure if you mean shop or restaurant.  But with both, the name should reflect the experience that the pizza buyer will get.  So, \"Mom  Pops Pizza\" - you will get good, home-cooking served by people who love you and only want to give you the best  \"The Dollar Pizza Shack\" - The price is the most important thing.  \"Pizza Hut\" - A sheltered place away from home where you can eat just what you want (so long as it is Pizza)  \"Dominoes Pizza\" - I have no idea what they sell  \"Pizza GoGo\" - Pizza as fast food  \"Late Nighty Pizza\" - It's where you go when everything else is closed   You may not agree with any of the descriptions above and that is good because you have to realise that a poor name may alienate some customers.  Companies spend man-years detailing their corporate image.  Do not rush it.  My advice is not to come up with some witty name, such as \"A Little Pizza You\", and instead concentrate on saying what the product experience will be for the customer, exactly.  So a long name like \"The  Wood-Fired Pizza with All Natural Ingredients\" is not a bad name.  Take your time.  I will be down-voted for this (I always am) but I have ran a few businesses and I suggest you get advice from a professional if you are serious about starting a business."
 "If you run out of bullets trying to shoot the guy in the SUV with the drugs, you. are. fucked. "
 "/r/tlhInganHol "
 "Fuck you, sweetheart.   *kills guy with a thousand bullets*"
 "boobs and kittens    and use a banana as a ruler"
 "Or you can reply with \"I'm waiting\""
 "This is also how you comment^while^you^reddit."
 "Eh, large boobs and being petite are feminine in their own ways. So that's a weird example."
 "Bu-but, I think redheads are really cute... ;-;"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Laser eyes would be pretty sweet"
 ":)  :)  :)  :( why you say this"
 "\"The temperature went up to 101!!!\" It's just me: MrSupa"
 "But that again only stops the analysis at N+1, and its why no one bothers to model N+2, to N+10, because its gets ridiculously hard to try and compensate for all the variables without making wild assumptions.   The basic idea, is that no one knows what is really going to happen, and the people trying to \"use economics\" are really just applying overly simplified modeling to a wildly complex situation to try and skew the numbers to their point, when neither the long term macroeconomic theory, nor the statistics, back it up. "
 "This comment is the type of thing I wish we had more of on Reddit. Just a plain statement of economic theory, stripped the usual ego-driven nonsense that discussions on this subject produce.   Why can't the focus be on finding ways to help people improve their skills, thus causing companies to want to pay them more. To insist on forced increase in wage above what the market is magical thinking. As if a company can simply 'wish' money into existence or something.   It would be much better for the government to do away completely with minimum wage and replace much of welfare with a universal basic income for all citizens, paid for with a progressive income tax. Ideally this basic income would be big enough to cover essential living expenses. Then, everyone could seek employment they want. The cost of failing at an entrepreneurial venture would be pretty low, and anyone could go back to school to improve their skills without going into major debt.   That seems much more fair, sustainable, and simple than forcing employers to pay a certain wage, which definitely hurts those without skills to justify such a wage. "
 "what about skilled people who can't find work due to lack of jobs in their field? 15 an hour is pushing it i'll say that but i don't think it's at all fair to pay anyone 7, 10 is a better number imo. i just don't get the mentality of \"i got mine and if someone else can't find a good job well they can get fucked\""
 "Nope but I have a story that shocked me. I went to Wales in the summer of 2013, quite a few times actually, as I live quite close. Anyway we was just on our way to the car park which is right next to a doughnut stand, my friend and I decided to walk to the car whilst her mother bought some doughnuts. On our way back to the car, we saw that a young disabled boy was trying to access the disabled toilet, but sadly it was 7pm and the toilets were closed. We watched to see which way the kid would go, now as he went past you could tell he was properly disabled and that he couldn't walk as his legs were in a weird position and his hands were too. Anyway the kid stops his wheelchair next to a bush and just starts peeing right out in the open.  I just could not believe my eyes, he looked properly disabled and I had no idea how he managed to unzip his pants with the position his hands were in and even other people were giving him odd looks. "
 "Poor get"
 "Try to suck my own dick."
 "\"You've just been served\""
 "/r/tlhInganHol "
 "Alcoholic beverages, they're the cause of SOOO many preventable deaths and embarrassments"
 "I use both.  The way  I see it, there's a point where caring less would take effort, and if you're unwilling to expend that effort, then you could care less"
 "Power. "
 "7/10 would bang."
 "Casuals"
 "Holding / using a SLR camera.   The left hand is key. Keep it under the lens and body. Set the bottom left of the camera body in your palm. You can still reach your zoom and focus rings AND you support the camera with your hand thus you get less blurry shots. Fuckin a I hate seeing people with the over hand zoom technique with the pinky all twiddling out in space. "
 "Cheese"
 "Ogre?"
 "You can now circlejerk in /r/lounge in order to get to /r/megalounge."
 "Scissors Beats Rock"
 "/r/Esperanto "
 "Not really a law, but in my city, if today you were somehow kicked out never to return, the city must still provide you with a horse and a gun."
 "Take off your pants? Are you speaking from experience? "
 "Congrats!"
 "Those boxes are made by marketing people who asked one guy in engineering to test it and 6 lawyers if they could.  Companies lie to you."
 "Enhance."
 "I once got on to this small jet that was supposed to take me from one part of the country to another, so 2 hours tops.  Before the flight, I had eaten some mochi, with some nuts in it.  Being the polite allergies that they were, I didn't feel like complete shit until the plane had taken off.  I eventually realized something was wrong, so I walked over to the small bathroom and tried vomiting, to no avail.  I ended up just getting out of the restroom after a few minutes.  As I walked out though, I saw that they had begun giving out the obligatory snacks; problem was, this was a small plane with one aisle and the thing took up the entire space.  For some reason, I still went down the aisle, fumbled around, just looking around, and ultimately just walked back to sit on the bowl, waiting for the tray to pass.  While I was still in the aisle though, I think I was beginning to just feel shitty and somewhat panicky, and when I made eye contact with a few ppl, I felt as if they were *judging* me or at the very least unsympathetic to this swollen-faced kid.  Allergies were playing with my mind.  **TLDR:** Nuts.  Not even once."
 "Move to CO, CA, or WA and get into the marijuana industry. But I'm going to college instead because that's the safe, conventional thing to do and I can always get into the industry after earning my degree."
 "So in other words, you're being paid exactly what you're worth. That's how supply and demand works."
 "Hello boys. :)"
 "\"Late in the winter of my seventeenth year, my mother decided I was depressed presumably because I rarely left the house, spent quite a lot of time in bed, read the same book over and over, ate infrequently, and devoted quite a bit of my abundant free time to thinking about death.\" The Fault In Our Stars by John Green"
 "~~wrong guy~~  ...wrong girl. FTFY"
 "[It's actually 4.7%, not "Awww :)"
 "Hermoine went alone and got attacked by a troll."
 "Came here to say this. \"Son of a bitch, has that SAVE button always been there?\""
 "i feel exactly the same way, except in canada you can learn a trade in 7 months of school, earn $22/h with benefits starting, and in 4 years as a journeyman make 84k+20k pension. as long as you don't work white collar, blue collar = $$$$$$$$$"
 "God, I took forever to figure this out. "
 "Boyfriend's working, and I don't want to deal with the amateurs out and about tonight. If I want someone's beer slopped all over me, I'll do it myself from the comfort of my couch."
 "Oculus Rift will become wayyyyy more popular. "
 "Because playing League of Legends is more fun then what any of my friends have planned."
 "Lift weights."
 "Depends on the woman. "
 "I think you just pointed out the biggest fucked up aspect of the American social and economic system."
 "An unemployment rate of 0% isn't actually a desirable thing."
 "Minty fresh"
 "My dog wants water from straight from the fossit sometimes. I make a bowl with my hands, but I'm not fast enough so he uses his paws to pull my half-full bowlhand to him."
 "Why are you alone this New Years Eve?"
 "Japanese so I could understand the dialogue in their fucked up porn movies."
 "My best NYE's have been staying in with friends drinking and playing games.  My worst NYE's have been trying to get served at a crowded bar."
 "Her parents knew the correct spelling of the the name was Ashley, but decided to spell it Ashlee instead. Everyone's got to be speciel don't they."
 "If it takes place a long time ago, in a galaxy far away, couldn't it have been true but already happened?"
 "Does water rush into your ass? Nah son, you got muscle rings to keep it from doing that. Two actually."
 "Pomp  Circumstance  "
 "You do realize the chart you linked lumps the middle class in with the rich and calls them the top 10%.  I already said the bulk of the taxes are paid by the middle class.  Nothing in your link contradicts that.  However, it is extremely misleading to lump the top 10% into a single class of tax payers.  The actual top of that bracket pay next to nothing in taxes. "
 "Joffrey dies after choking on a throne of Dicks.    True story, I read the books brah, all 6 of them. My favorite one was A Crash of Prime Ministers."
 "Instead of bitching about low wages (especially when raising them wouldn't necessarily help people with their money management), why aren't you bitching about your awful for-profit private health care and shitty employer-provided benefits?  Have you been living under a fucking rock for the past 6 years?"
 "Someone should definitely use \"cum-snuggie\" as a username!"
 "Thanks! As dumb as it sounds, this sort of feedback keeps me motivated. I like being the guy that people can point at and say, \"That guy kicks ass.\" It is a stark departure from, \"That guy turned to shit.\"  Have a great new year! I know I will."
 "Yes. And it makes it easier to find that stuff."
 "I was told that he never did that to others, and, if he was hungry, would he not bring his bowl to the traditional food providers and not the new stranger?"
 "There is already a shortage of doctors in US, do you really think that the few doing it now would keep at it without the financial incentive?  There are absolutely massive financial and training barriers in place to prevent new doctors from being put into the market.  These barriers *are maintained by the medical professionals themselves* - because it protects their privileged position.  If medical schools only take the top 0.5% of school leavers, do you really think that taking the next 0.5% would materially harm the quality of the medical graduates produced?  If doctors want more doctors *why aren't they lobbying Congress to subsidize the university fees of these best and brightest?*.  People say many plausible things, but their actions betray them."
 "Blue cheese.   Strong smell and taste make things interesting and I don't care what anybody else says. All of my friends think I'm some kind of freak for loving blue cheese. I also love asparagus."
 "Darwinism"
 "Unless you have depression. Or are hit by a train."
 "A glass a day is A OK, just factor it into your daily calories"
 "Humblebundle.com"
 "Midget porn inferno."
 "You can be morally righteous, likable, and willing yo lay down your life for my daugter...  But if you have no initiative or ambition, you will end up making both of you miserable."
 "I had one hour to go to the steam room by myself: no kids, no wife, no family. Just me and all the weirdos who go to steam rooms."
 "If the government doesn't pick up the difference then these people starve.  And starving people get desperate and stop playing by the rules of government.  When enough people start doing that our societal constructs fall apart."
 "Washington State, I would say Mount Rainier would be the one place to go if you were to visit only one place.  I wouldn't suggest going in the winter unless you are prepared for a lot of "Tobias funke "
 "I actually was just reading /u/MIKE-TROUT-IS-GOD's post below which makes the same point. Minimum wage increases to match inflation would be a perfect solution. Do some cost of living analysis every few years to get a baseline number and have the minimums increase to match the overall inflation of the dollar."
 "Fuck this topic, it makes me so angry to think about this shit.  The rich get richer and the poor get poorer.  There are too many fucking people (literally fucking and making even more people, fucking morons) on this planet and so they have no choice but to take these low skill jobs just to survive.  Meanwhile the major shareholders or board of rich assholes or whomever is at the top reaps the lion's share of the profit that is produced by their army of low skill slaves.    It's the mentality of those people at the top who set the wages and policies of the company, control the government with their vast wealth so that these policies and low wages are legal, and use the media to convince the fucking morons out there that this is an okay way for the world to be.  God forbid they have to give up any of the multiple millions of dollars they are making every year so that the people who make it possible for them to have huge mansions and yachts and still plenty left over to fund special interest lobbies can live a slightly better life.    Fuck those fuckers.  It's just wrong.  Corporations shouldn't exist just to make the most amount of money for the people who already have a shitload of money.  I believe this mentality is immoral.  It's a major part of what is wrong with the world and especially the USA.  It makes me so fucking angry because I feel like I can't do shit about it.  I only get one vote, and my voting options are always between a douche and a turd sandwich.  "
 "Yo good fucking shit man. Seems like a bestof post to me. "
 "I have a really bad case of generalized anxiety disorder (thanks mom!), and to be honest I wish people would joke about it. I like laughing at myself."
 "/r/asemic "
 "Showering with long hair can be annoying. Wet hair strands all over you and clogging the drain."
 "correct. at that point we both pretty much knew we liked each other. I had a feeling we'd start dating that day (I really thought before the party which was at his place) but when the ball dropped and there was no kiss I kinda lost hope. "
 "ah ok fair enough, i assumed you meant like enjoyment wise instead of workwise. I can definitely relate to that since i am exhausted  after work as we are getting our general Certificates and building a two houses at the same time."
 "The very first thing I said was, I don't know how old she is. Sixteen? Shit man she's not old enough to be dating at all.  You can't rebutt my points with variations of \"she's 16 so ner\" because this was all written under the assumption that she is not, in a fact, a child.   "
 "Junk Mail like Red Plum"
 "Post pics wanker. "
 "Where in PA did this occur?"
 "Better be fucking better or I'm gonna be pissed off."
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Yup, I'm not saying its like that in every single city/county/state but i don't think you'd have a shot in politics without bending over for the big wigs.  "
 "True true, it is also a loss, but not a grand one. I don't really like having to censor myself to appease people. I don't do that to my close friends, and I wouldn't expect them to do it for me.    Im not sure why you seem to be on a hunt to make me look like some bad guy, but mebey that is just my interpretation. "
 "it is as soon as I am getting home, little buddy wants to see if he is into that sort of thing  edot: he has no strong opinions either way"
 "japanese!"
 "Yes, I am saying it was surprising, but in a bad way. When you create that kind of world, you set up expectations about how things work. One of the ways things work in a movie world like that is that main characters do not just die without a setup, forshadowing, some sort of purpose, or a unique situation. Think of how everyone else died in that movie. It followed a completely different formula. "
 "None of us can leave."
 "Jerry mandarin (gerrymandering) "
 " breeder scum  I may just tag myself this. Yes, go ahead, answer it! Inquiring minds must know."
 "Not good enough "
 "It was for me. That shit's expensive; cost me an arm and a leg."
 "It's not all about me and what I want."
 "I'm sorry you're sorry for his loss, too. "
 "There is not a single full time job that pays less than a living wage. In the U.S. at least. Not a single one. Minimum wage full time is a livable wage, so I'm not quite sure what you're talking about OP. Maybe you're just spending too much money on things you don't need.  edit: people who are downvoting, why don't you give me one possible reason why a full time job wouldn't pay a living wage?"
 "Be happy and stop worrying about what others think of me"
 "An important consideration to highlight along your line of reasoning is that minimum wage constraints will most adversely impact those companies which are struggling or not yet profitable - in other words this most strongly hurts small businesses. Where, for example, WalMart may be able to subsidize a lagging branch in an economically repressed city with larger corporate profits, an upstart company or a small business trying to stay afloat is generally on the cusp of having to lay someone off already, forget if their wage has to go up.   It ain't pretty but it's a tough nut to crack "
 "Everything I've ever read says 8 and I've never had a problem leaving them in overnight as long as you aren't having a yeast infection or anything weird and you practice good hygiene otherwise."
 "It is common courtesy to let people leave (a room, a building, an elevator, a subway car) before you enter. "
 "You're never the one millionth visitor."
 "Germany wins the World Cup. "
 "`hugs are great! havent had one in a while"
 "Me too, except mine is with music mostly."
 "I lived in the same city since I was 3. Granted I am only 16 now, last summer I was pretty bored of the scenery.  I spent the summer doing IT worry with my schools tiny tech department, and one week it was just myself and another student alone, all week (it was the second week after school got out). We had spent the last two weeks of school preparing a new image for all of the computers, and it was our job to deploy it. We only had 4 external drives and well over 300 computers, so we had *tons* of free time while the images ran. We played a lot of WoW, but one day we got bored, and we started to just climb.  It is not the same as walking, but I had the same experience of falling in love with a place by climbing all over my school for the better part of a week.  Additionally, to anyone saying someone holding your ankles as you lean out a 4th floor window reaching for the lip of the roof being 'stupid' or 'dangerous' you are dead right, but it is damned fun!  If you are still of a young age, go outside and climb shit, don't play games as much; learn to walk on your hands; back flipping off a one story roof **never** gets old!; being in good shape and good spirits, especially when it comes to being adventuresome is worth more than anything else!"
 "I'd spend the day with my SO, seeing what new things we can do."
 "[Lojban?](/r/lojban)"
 "I tend to treat people politely even if I don't respect them. I  This is entirely too situational to put an absolute on, hence my wording. Sometimes there are individuals who we need to avoid or stand up to. It should be done with dignity, but being polite all the time can be harmful to oneself. "
 "Are those space pants? 'Cause your ass is out of this world."
 "Eminem's daughter is dating a boy who listens to Eminem. Eminem doesn't like this. (Forget the real headline)"
 "The problem with this is that since we aren't willing to let people who don't earn a living wage starve to death in the gutter, companies that don't pay a living wage are essentially extracting an unfair subsidy from society (taxpayers etc.). In a truly market economy with a labor market subject only to supply and demand companies wouldn't be able to get away with not paying a living wage for long, since those employees would die of starvation or exposure after a certain amount of time."
 "Florence and the Machine. That girls has STAMINA... she just doesn't stop. She was amazing. "
 "Tell that to the dude with the micropenis."
 "Our government has led them to believe they are entitled by giving them special \"perks\" because of the color of their skin. "
 "It's 6F out. Fuck that noise. "
 "It was excellent! Now it's your turn OP lol"
 "Are you telling me that if people have more money, they won't spend and be willing to spend more?"
 "Ha thats a funny joke. "
 "You are hopeless. "
 "Russian gives you business opportunities?"
 "/r/outside"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "rawr"
 "The prettier they are, the quicker and uglier they die, I swear."
 "Pull it up to waist height, and move it forward so it's over my hips.  In my wedding dress I pulled it up but sat the other way round on the toilet."
 "Great! Thanks! Have you considered doing an AMA?"
 "I just love the way they tear up my mouth."
 "That... that's incredibly vulgar."
 "ITT: DRIVING. "
 "Lately I have been having a lot of dreams about cheating on my girlfriend or being cheated on. I always feel so hopeless in the dreams and wake up feeling the same. The dreams are not the exact same but always have a similar theme.  I cheat and get caught and it ruins our lives. She cheats and I catch her and it breaks my heart.  Funny thing is, I don't mind cheating in real life as much as the dreams."
 "It's like her feet are forever saying ROCK ON \\m/"
 "Spanish. It's a damn shame that I'm Cuban and speak shitty Spanish. Plus I live in Miami so every one there pretty much speaks it. "
 "I started college. I study Forensic Science, Chemistry, Biology, Physics and Math, it has really opened my eyes and I just can't wait for the future."
 "But then he'd have to make a new reddit account and he'd feel compelled to catch up in karma and it would consume his life further and blah blah blah"
 "Wondering around in an abstract world of the most amazing and interesting structures. Some defy physics. Some are just stunning. The world us usually empty; allowing me to just explore. "
 "To be blunt you're either uninformed or insane if you think it costs 5 cents to get a customer to visit your store, to take their order, and to source, prepare, and deliver a cup of soda. I'll be surprised if you can even manage the first one before going over budget.  Razor-thin is probably going too far, but go read the annual report, even a very modest increase in wages would wipe out their profits entirely."
 "Don't forget BBQs."
 "The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was to convince the world he didn't exist"
 "You fucked up your taxes then. You should have them audit you because you'd probably get a fair few thousand back if you accidentally paid twenty two percent for a year or more."
 "Yeah, never really found NYE to be any \"fun.\""
 "I expected a firefly reference in the comments. "
 "Right? Seriously Lee, get a life."
 "thanks for the description wouldve never figured it out, upvoted"
 "How have you changed this past year?"
 "I suppose the shoes are optional. But so far I like everything I see"
 " If you have to have a skill to be atleast at living wage, then maybe skill labor in America is undervalued.  Has there ever been a time in history where the majority of people DIDN'T need some type of skill to create a living for themselves? I'm not saying that your idea of labor being undervalued is incorrect, I'm just saying that to use the point that people need a skill to make a living isn't really a good way to show that labor is undervalued. Everyone has always needed skills throughout history. "
 "I have such fine hair that my hair gets that greasy within 12 hours. I tried for like a month to wash it only every other day, and it *still* got ridiculously greasy. I can't even use conditioner or it will get super greasy. (I've tried dozens of different brands. It's impossible.)"
 "*gringo"
 "Yeah, threw it on the ground and stepped on it. :/"
 "dude...you double posted..."
 "I try to sneeze directly to floor.  Unless I'm inside, then I aim for my elbow or the trash can by my desk."
 "I suspect if they were called Lava Pockets they would still have the warning label."
 "Actually there are studies that show that those earning slightly above minimum wage, but who would benefit from it rising are against it as it would mean they were now on minimum wage. In all likelihood their employer would need to raise above minimum or they would move to another job."
 "Nah, don't worry about it. Most places in the U.S. don't do this and you likely haven't pissed anyone off. Just be aware of your surroundings and if someone behind you looks angry, then step aside."
 "My cat does not meow. She grunts and makes snoring sounds. I snore pretty loudly, and I think her imitating my roar is how she thinks she is supposed to talk. I think it is the cutest thing it the world."
 "So cute :)"
 "That the polish were stupid enough to rush german tanks with cavalry during WWII."
 "Alpha as fuck"
 "Actually my own opinion of the above argument is that it isn't without its faults. Other models may show different results and the model itself may be faulty. But dismissing an argument out of hand does nothing to win intellectual support for your side."
 "Sofia Vergara."
 "Nursing school, made new friends, summer classes rock, bought a car, movie list, skiing sucks, discovered BBC."
 "There's a hole where the pockets are supposed to be in one of my pairs of jeans, so I can adjust myself better. More of a personal experience, y'know?"
 "by ritual suicide. only way to my daughters pants"
 "fair enough"
 "I am slightly jealous, gas is currently $3.23 where I live."
 "Saint Louis is nothing in particular, but the Gateway Arch is worth going up in."
 "Which would be into the garbage can next to the toilet."
 "The toilets were closed? Was this in a city park or something?"
 "I don't drink, and I have three kids. Stay home and watch movies."
 "It's still a fact. Unless they have definitive proof, you can't charge people with shit"
 "You are my hero."
 "Overly muscular men as well, or women for that matter  "
 "Nah, I like equal parts cream cheese ALL over my bagel, thanks. "
 "Tom Cruise"
 "What's the story on Sprite before bed? I remember glazing over a TIL that mentioned it helps converting a byproduct of the alcohol. Anyone remember the result of the comments? "
 "You might as well just put some explosives on it and blow the door. Probably less effort than what you just described"
 "I agree, they must like being fucked over, hoping someday it will be them as CEO.its pretty funny that the ones being fucked are defending CEO making 460 times their pay, "
 "Pay attention to the signs."
 "In Massachusetts, it is illegal for ammunition to be used as a form of currency.  I forget exactly why this is (Learned from a History teacher 3 years ago), but my current thought thinking about it: Something involving giving ammunition to a hostile group, most likely the mob."
 "Land lines are fucking cheap."
 "I could care less, but I choose not to because it's not that fucking hard."
 "Girl is a little derogatory when the person is older than their teens. Lady is a little southern, but usually okay. Woman is always okay. (This is all assuming you're talking about a woman in the third person. Don't yell \"Hey lady, come here\", if that isn't obvious.)"
 "You can have a family, but you can't expect your spouse to not have a full time job."
 "Toughen up, princess."
 "here's your drink sir... ON THE ROCKS!! *spray of bullets*"
 "I set up a successful base in Don't Starve without dying once."
 "alternatively    \"I wanna be your vaccum cleaner\" -Arctic Monkeys, I wanna be yours "
 "A vibrator."
 "When I was about 2 or 3, my mom took me to the playground and watched as I (in all my baby-bad-ass-ness) climbed to the top of the slide and jumped off. She immediately called me over to say 'I don't ever want to see you do that again'. Apparently I thought about it for a few seconds and asked 'but it's ok if you don't see it, right?'  I was a bit of a pain in the ass growing up...."
 "Yes its all very simple , i forget. Here is an article for you , thats shows even with job skills and a degree you are still not ensured some kind of amazing job or pay. people wouldnt have to live with their parents to if a liveable wage existed. And if living with your parents so you can get a better start in life when your high school age cause there is no liveable wage is a problem and should be punished, then so should every single person highschool age that didnt have to work a day in their life for their money but were handed it to them by their parents."
 "And that's where someone making minimum wage needs to actually pay attention to what they spend instead of wasting money on stuff.  If you're only making $1360/mo you don't *need* internet, especially not at $60/mo.  Buy a home phone line ($15/mo) and cancel internet or get one of the free dial-up (ad supported) internet connections.  That just saved you $75/mo (no cell phone and no broadband - these are not necessities).  Now stop spending $200 on gasoline - that's an enormous waste of money.  Take the bus or any other public transportation.  If your commute is far enough for a minimum wage job that you have to spend $200/mo in gasoline, there is *definitely* a bus stop you can park near somewhere along your route.  Lets chop ~$60/mo off the gas cost.  You can buy bare minimum car insurance for a lot less than $75/mo (lets face it, if you're making minimum wage you won't be driving an expensive car).  You can get that down easily to $30-$35 for just liability, maybe even less.  That already puts you within your take home pay and doesn't include the fact that the ACA will likely give you a health insurance option that is way cheaper than $400/mo if you're a single person making minimum wage.  The problem is that some people don't seem to get what a necessity actually is.  Despite the fact that damn near the entire world has the internet and cell phones, neither one is an actual *necessity*."
 "Well, I'm out at number 1. I took an empathy test and got a 3. Out of 80. Anything under 20 is supposed to be autistic to some degree. You're right about the connection thing. I don't get attached to people. It's easy for me to let people go and burn bridges, but it's hard to make friends in the first place. You can't lose what you never have, right?"
 "Second dose to make sure you're good the whole 6 hour show "
 "Thanks guys! Hope you had a lot of fuck yeah moments in 2013 too and even more in 2014."
 "use \"break\" when they mean \"brake\" and vice versa."
 "All the Mexicans that make this place exactly like Mexico.   Aliens: WTF I thought this was 'Merica?"
 "Thank you, I used to have this saved on stumbleupon, then it disappeared, I thought it went offline because of copyright stuff.  "
 "Math is a giant puzzle that's been pieced together over centuries. It uses its own language for brevity. Any mathematical argument can be written out in plain English. But it would take 10,000 words to do what an equation does in a single line.  Learning the language but not learning the puzzle is like learning English then flipping to a random page in Game of Thrones. Yeah, the words make sense. But you have no idea what's really going on."
 "Congrats! I wish you happiness with your marriage! :)"
 "Your mom and the government have one thing in common now.   Neither of them saw it coming.            Wait fuck..."
 "Was hoping to see this one here. I think this was my first intro to the Onion and it still remains brilliant especially during the start of the Iraq War when it seemed that Rumsfeld was actively trying to be Shang Tsung. "
 "A full body condom with special space-time continuum insulating jelly all over it."
 "I'm not sure any more. Do I want to speak to the most people or be able to to speak a common language in the most *countries*.    Apparently, English is spoken in 66 countries (official, defacto, or common tongue), followed by French in 30 countries, Arabic in 25, and Spanish in 20.    With that reasoning, it would make sense to pick a language most common to the areas of the world in which you plan to travel. Chinese Mandarin is only spoken in 5 countries.   However, if it's total number of speakers you're going for, then Chinese is #1, English #2, and Spanish #3, in which case it would sort of make sense to do that...except for the fact that Chinese (unclear if the stats combine all the dialects along with Cantonese) is spoken in only 1 large country and 4 very small countries/locales.    Even if you could share a language with the largest portion of the world, they're overwhelmingly isolated to one country, where as with Spanish and French you could tour entire continents!"
 "You may have ocd..."
 "Yeah and than they think they're better then you, it's so annoying!"
 "The ability to generate another set of teeth to replace lost or damaged ones as need be, oh and the ability to fly!  "
 "maybe its a bad porn character?"
 "Right here, did it multiple summers in high school. I don't know where you're getting the $3.63 figure as the federal minimum wage is $7.25, but I did it and I know plenty of other kids who did the same thing as me in high school. Plenty work during the school year as well.  And the if the \"aforementioned employee\" is someone who's never gotten beyond a minimum wage job in their life many years out of high school, I can't imagine there's some sort of capacity there to flip burgers or fold clothes at a much higher rate than sixteen year old Billy."
 "Focus on short term rewards rather than long term stability and a healthy system"
 "Pfffft, whatever. You must have forgotten about Cook's Apprentice."
 "Well... I just vomited at work. Thanks for that"
 "Here, have some doge  +/u/dogetipbot 2 doge  (did i do that right?)"
 "\"Dont you thnik that movie is boring as hell?\" \"Yeah totally\" \"so u want sum fuk instead?\""
 "I want to know now. Have you changed your mind, OP?"
 "The problem is there are so many types and they can keep making new ones... Also they are officially being sold as \"ornaments\" or some garbage in most cases"
 "sexual relations "
 "Spanish. We have good sized spanish community where I live and being bilingual would help a lot when getting a better job."
 "I've got a bunch of stories when it comes to flying. One that sticks out was when I was sitting in front of this couple and this elderly man comes up and tells them they are sitting in his seat. They explain that they are not. The flight attendant then comes and leads him back to his section. This happens like three more times during the flight. He clearly had alziemers or something.  Tragic. But I still laughed. Not out aloud though. I'm not that much of an asshole."
 "On rentals, they also do it because renters find trouble dealing with certain tenants.  Nothing is worse than having your renter not be willing to pay the heating bill, so they don't turn on the hot water, heat, etc and the pipes burst in the rental. Also renters who make a mess. So they sometimes try to hope that the higher costs nets them a person who obtained better and can afford it, is a better tenant based on better income, etc.  However, this is just supporting reason for why some raised their rental rates.  Keep in mind, the rest is dependent on what taxes, regulations, etc occurred in the area, cost of utilities, etc. What was the cost of utilities 10 years ago to now? Repairs and maintenance? Cleaning staff/hired cleaning company? It all adds up.  Edit 1: Note, not that some did not add a littler extra on just to stay ahead of the trend."
 "I once met Iwan Rheon (Simon from Misfits) in a pub in Cardiff. He was on the toilet having a poo with the door open while we talked to him. Cool guy."
 "Please elaborate about your life."
 "Whoa hold up! People here actually go out?"
 "Getting into the 2nd best/cheapest fashion school in the U.S. It was the acceptance rate of Harvard and after finishing my first semester I still can't believe it!"
 "Another year, another tax season?"
 "My cold is getting better."
 "A Hot tub."
 "Oppdaling :)"
 "Shhh. Its evolution in action, either learn to slow down and take them properly or do not get the chance to reproduce "
 "Last year, I saw Neon Trees with a group of friends. As we had gotten there fairly early, we were in the front row once they started playing.   As they played through their set, I noticed their bassist had changed to use a [Rickenbacher bass guitar. I dabble in bass, and this happens to be my FAVORITE bass guitar. This was literally the closest I've ever been to this bass guitar. I just kept staring at it, then looked up to notice he was staring at me. My though process went from \"wow, cool\" to \"hmm, this is kind of weird, I'm a guy, how do I acknowledge this?\"  I simply nodded at him, and he nodded back, then went about his business. It felt like a small token of appreciation between Bass players."
 "Better work on those oral skills then."
 "What will be the major, unexpected, headlines of 2014?"
 "Never fight a land war in Asia.    Also, get a fixed interest rate on a mortgage."
 "We had plans, but our friends live about 40 miles away and the road are terrible (snow and ice) and weather is predicted to get worse :-("
 "As a European, I hate smokers as well"
 "Thank you for doing your best to be kind. And I apologize on behalf of my mother insisting she go through with a full cart because \"it's not that much.\"     I sat there and watched as she called the manager over to let her know how \"mean\" the cashier was being. And that she was \"racist\". I feel bad and I wanted to say sorry to the cashier for putting up with that and everything else, but I let my mind get the best of me. "
 "I showed that one to my dad and he lost it. He's ripped on the unplugged version before and we also live 5 minutes from Gwinnett Arena so it was nice to get a shout out from the Onion."
 "No."
 "Next hour, stay tuned for *(Serious) USA vs. Europe?*  Followed by *DAE Gun Control?*"
 "my dad's favorite"
 "What gets me is that even \"minimum wage\" jobs are not so because very few of these jobs have guaranteed hours.   Every min wage job I worked was 0 hour contract. Proper contracts just don't exist."
 "That's not a very efficient way of accelerating \"the progress of man.\" Environment has a very large impact on how you turn out, possibly much larger than any genetic predisposition. Eugenics is like using a flamethrower to toast one slice of bread. "
 "If you value a free market where money makes the decisions, you value money and wealth. I value people and therefore I think policies should be made to maximize the welfare of people, not the profit of those who are \"clever enough\"  Wow, that is so just, well, seeing a multi-faceted issue as a lame two sided coin. There are *always* going to be people \"clever enough\" to exploit any system in place, and there are always going to be people incapable of succeeding within any system that can be devised, because they choose not to. "
 "By Social network, I meant one that people actually use. "
 "I'm staying in on New Year's Eve. How can I make it as fun as possible? "
 "Not gonna ask"
 "Same goes for the lip or inside of the cheek."
 "Joints? But some joints the purpose is to be stability, not mobility. Sure it would be nice to have your knee move everywhere and stop ACL injuries, but the stability is important. "
 "Porn."
 "No! Does that happen in the USA"
 "Mushi mushi.  It's Mishimishi."
 "Exactly what happened since the leak. A good bit if outrage and nothing else. "
 "I did it! "
 "Such a simple concept many don't get because they only look at massive companies and CEO salaries at Fortune 500 companies. "
 "It'd take fewer sandwiches to get full."
 "I bet you can count on one hand how many times that has come up."
 "Oh God, yes haha.  Summer camp, ok, so the counselors had this competition between the various campsites to see which one could remove the most scum out of the lake, you'd fill up garbage bags and at the end of the day the campsite that collected the most would get a personal cake at dinner.  So it's dinner and my campsite blew the others out of the park, totally owned em.  So were enjoying our cake and one of the counselors asks if he can have a slice, we're like \"sure\" and he takes a slice of the cake, puts it on a plate, tells us to watch and gestures the \"shh\" sign.  He has the cake behind his back and starts sneaking towards the dining hall manager who is all dressed crazy because it was like \"dress crazy night\" or something.  So he's wearing this robot suit and these blinking LED sunglasses.  The counselor gets right in front of him, goes \"HEY JOE!\" then reveals the cake.   He goes to cake him in the face, but the cake instantly falls off so he just blasts him in the face with the plate, which is one of those like 1/2 inch thick ceramic dining plates.  The dining hall guy collapses in a heap, blood pouring out of his nose like Budd Dwyer, glasses broken.  Fricken crazy, we all had to leave the dining hall, ambulance had to come, never found out what happened to him because this was the last full day of camp.            "
 "Second this.  I went on some mission trip to get some service hours and this cute girl skipped me in line and I was like \"Woah, woah, woah there. Wait your turn, naughty girl.\"  And then she laughed replied in the most white-trash ghetto accent \"if you ain't moving, I am\". I instantly \"noped\" then I turned my back to her and then got my food."
 "Mandarin or Arabic. Both are difficult to learn and very useful."
 "And, water. Well, no, water is starting to get turned into a commodity."
 "9 and 3, get paddle shifters pleb."
 "to enjoy life"
 "Sure, but it's not like the drivers can read your mind.  They see a person standing at the side of the road, and they're thinking, \"Maybe this person is going to wait for a break in traffic, or maybe they're going to be an idiot and try to dart out into traffic at any moment.\""
 "The oscars cunt tweet is one of my all time favourite pieces of satire. I get that people didn't find it funny, but I just find them to have no sense of "Honestly this past year has been pretty good. I've had some good relationships, made some new friends, and lost some weight so it's been a good year. Hoping for 2014 to be even better:)"
 "Grapenuts..."
 "WWW3 was declared and the alien invasion is currently in progress."
 "The name Beiber will be the most popular name given in 2014...when people start naming their ass."
 "I would want to do an AMA with Adolf Hitler.    Possible Questions:  1. What were your reasons to blame the Jewish race for Germany's problems?  2. Any tips on how to rise through the ranks of leadership, or tips on how to convince a whole country to believe bullshit?  3. If, hypothetically, the Allies were closing in on you, and you had little time to react, what would be your choice of suicide?  4. Where did you muster up the balls to invade Russia?  Just a few, I think he would be an interesting person to do one with.  Edit: What are your opinions on your mustache? Would you shave it?"
 "Has nobody fucking heard of land lines? I guess its a bunch of younger crowd that never grew up with one. "
 "/r/latin "
 "Trimming in the pubic region is nice. Other than that...well, if you have back hair you should trim it. I don't like hairy men, but I also don't mind chest hair within reason."
 "Of "
 "That if you're going to cheat,  do it at a motel.  Not in your place where your daughter is sleeping.   Love you auntie."
 "My cat is crazy. He is very similar to overly attached girlfriend. He follows me around the house, only likes me, opens the bathroom door to get to me while I am going to the bathroom or showering and I'm pretty sure is trying to kill my husband. That and he will \"respond\" when I am talking to him. We hold conversations. I may be crazy too."
 "our country is falling to shit because less and less people are able to afford to stay in business due to eurotrash style taxation. we have the highest corporate tax rate in the world, of course businesses are going to outsource and be forced to close down. this is why we have skyrocketing unemployment.  it has nothing to do with your liberal talking point of \"wealth concentration\", it's due to rampant over regulation and taxation driving unemployment and the dependent culture. "
 "Meanwhile the DEA  Teamed up with the CCA  They tryna lock niggas up  They tryna make new slaves  See that's that private owned prison  Get your piece today  They Probably all in the Hamptons  Braggin' 'bout their maid"
 "To me, the concern I have with raising minimum wage jobs so substantially is not that I think they don't deserve it, but that it would either a.) cause individuals with less specialization/education to earn as much as those with more or b.) Increase the wages of those already making more, this raising the costs of goods (inflation).  In the case of A... why would people feel motivated to earn a college degree or to do some sort of mentorship, I'd they can immediately make as much without the education.   So no, I don't think burger flippers should make more than minimum wage."
 "You may want to check your diet and stop eating anything with wheat flour in it.  That shit is the devil.  It may take a few months to get regular but you should feel like a new man.  Along with that same symptom I had, Pain in my joints, leaky penis, heart palpitations, groggy ness. I truly felt like an old man.  Then I figured out that I am gluten intolerant and stay away from wheat, wheat flour, enriched wheat flour, enriched bleached wheat flour. It is in most everything from breads to pasta to even breading on buffalo wings or chicken fingers"
 "Consider that US gathers about 2 trillion dollars in tax total, each year. And to pay basic income of 20K to everyone you need three times as much. The amount of taxation required to make this happen would break all sorts of other things."
 "It looks like you failed to ask a question in your title. Double check everything, including punctuation, and try posting again.   * **If you're wanting to tell a story or explain something, please try /r/Self.**  * **If you're needing advice of any kind, try /r/Answers or /r/needadvice**  * **If you're looking for something that has slipped your mind, try /r/TipOfMyTongue.**  Anything else not covered try one of the subreddits mentioned in our sidebar that better suits your needs.  If you need more clarification, or feel this was an error, please contact the mods and provide a link to this post, thanks!   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "HOLY SHIT!  MAN WALKS ON FUCKING MOON!"
 "Such as?"
 "Why? You don't even kow her? "
 "Get a garbage can that seals well and place it next to the toilet.  Ask them to put it in there.    Flushing wipes or anything other than toilet paper and waste is a good way to get an expensive bill you didn't need."
 "The best advice I can give you is this: is it more good or more bad? Are you more happy or more sad? (Hey they rhymed) that's what I ask myself when I know I'm unhappy in some way. Because you will always find people who love you, you just have to be brave enough to find them."
 "Also current resident, they teach you how to do that in a 7 way rotary."
 "Unemployment is more honorable then becoming a patent troll or an ambulance chaser."
 "Two broken arms"
 "Cum. I don't know where I'd be without it."
 "If you in any way agree with any kind of feminist ideology whatsoever you're a ridiculous feminazi who hates all men.   If you disagree in any way with any kind of feminist ideology you are a fedora wearing, neckbearded, chauvinistic jerk who hates all women.   There is no in-between. "
 "Oh, I agree. I actually think the minimum wage is a good thing, generally. I also understand that this is purely an economic model. There was actually a /r/bestof post from a while ago highlighting the problems with the way economics is generally taught, and I thought that was another excellent post."
 "Something from North Korea."
 "Its minus 20 degrees C here in Toronto and my gf \thas a sexy outfit on "
 "Just because you are in \"the lines\". Doesn't mean park all half assed crooked. I had a guy pull in right after me and he was crooked. Came out of Walmart and had a white paint streak down the side of my car because the stupid fuck couldn't back out. Luckily I was in view of the store cameras and didn't owe anything cause I could prove to my insurance company it was a hit and run  Edit: PARK FUCKING STRAIGHT"
 "Pussy"
 "Calling a BMW car a beamer.  It's not a beamer, it's a bimmer.  The beamer is a BMW motorcycle."
 "You may be interested to know that the teaching of the Catholic Church on this issue, which has bound Catholic employers since the promulgation of Pope Leo XIII's papal bull \"Rerum Novarum\" in 1891, is very clear:    \"Let the working man and the employer make free agreements, and in particular let them agree freely as to the wages; nevertheless, there underlies a dictate of natural justice more imperious and ancient than any bargain between man and man, namely, that wages ought not to be insufficient to support a frugal and well-behaved wage-earner. If through necessity or fear of a worse evil the workman accept harder conditions because an employer or contractor will afford him no better, he is made the victim of force and injustice. In these and similar questions, however - such as, for example, the hours of labor in different trades, the sanitary precautions to be observed in factories and workshops, etc. - in order to supersede undue interference on the part of the State, especially as circumstances, times, and localities differ so widely, it is advisable that recourse be had to societies or boards such as We shall mention presently, or to some other mode of safeguarding the interests of the wage-earners; the State being appealed to, should circumstances require, for its sanction and protection.\"  Source: 45, Rerum Novarum accessed at "Date someone other than my daughter."
 "Pretty keen to see what's going to happen here: "Especially extra commas! Extra commas everywhere!"
 "Say to the dad \"I don't believe in premarital sex\" "
 "There was one where an entire town was sent to hell after they had a gay marriage in their church. "
 "/r/sambahsa "
 "I am Legend, when he has to kill his own dog. Right in the feels..."
 "I'm horrible at learning new languages, but whenever I pick up a new one I seem to have a near-flawless accent.  Unfortunately I'm rubbish at grammar.  "
 "Good point, but I couldn't date a girl who could accidentally step on her own toes of she wore open toed shoes."
 "Cheating on your spouse or fucking married people. I think you should go to jail for three months or not be allowed to get married again. Or maybe  i'm just a little bitter cause my kids have started to play imaginary daddy at dinner."
 "Hot cheetos fries and an Arizona"
 "I was taught that wrappers, pads, and applicators go in the trash, but tampons are flushable because those things are nasty.  They will stink up a trash can in the worst way during the course of a normal menstrual cycle. "
 "I saw your post in the \"i'm going to move to Hawaii thread\" and wanted to see your comment history. I couldn't possibly agree more with your sentiment here although I think you might be holding back a little bit. I am on Kauai myself and I have never seen anything like this."
 "These type of threads always come down to someone posting their anecdotal experiences like they're proud to have struggled. I respect you were able to live frugally on beans, pastas, and rice, but don't go telling me you enjoyed it. So why would you think it's okay for it to be the norm for everyone else to face similar situations? I think we'd be a much happier society if we strive for others to do much better than we did."
 "The Tardis!"
 "Wings."
 "What if they're actually susceptible to critiques, but everytime they ask they can't find out what's wrong because they're just getting downvoted without any explanations?  Shooting in the dark is an awfully inefficient way of finding the target."
 "As much as i'd love to do crazy shit with it, i'd probably wind up just dropping a portal in the alley behind work and one outside my apartment so I don't have to take the bus anymore."
 "Isn't that the idea? Someone says something on here and people give their opinions? I'm not trying to be sarcastic here, just wondering if I've missed some point to your comment. About duck dynasty though, it's marketed in the uk as this massive number one US show, I thought it'd be more survivalist, hunting thing but it's like a redneck Osbornes. It'd be way more interesting if they taught you hunting or survival type stuff rather than these are the members of their family and this what they did today"
 "Years ago, but I've done it. You learn to run on autopilot and let your mind wander off to its own place. Focusing on the job for 8-10 hours is torture.  "
 "Putting the other person first and always looking out for their best interest. "
 "That's what I get, too. I was just showing an example where the lack of a www makes a difference :)"
 "Because my girlfriend became my ex about twenty five hours ago"
 "What is VB?"
 "We need answers"
 "I don't know how relevant this may be but I thought [this has some merit in regards to worth of an individual to society. Morally, some people don't want those who contribute only a bare minimum service to have an equivalent in luxuries as someone who holds a greater economic or social responsibility.   Often those jobs that net more money also include more stress as they can impact many other people. Also, an individual's worth does come down to what they contribute to society. At least that's all society CARES about.   You can be the best father or the best friend or the nicest guy but what does that matter to the world? You can certainly live your life and not care that the world won't be in any way affected by your presence. I prefer to contribute somehow. "
 "Flying pink penis."
 "What's something *right* with our country right now?"
 "On a dark road in between three towns, five minutes walk from our house. We had fireworks 360 degrees for more than half an hour. :)"
 "You sir, made my day"
 "Yeah.  That's got nothing to do with Homoeopathy - which is a crock of shit.  Chiropractors are also [a crock of "
 "Having a one night stand with a man who so happened to be Chinese, worst sex ever. I have nothing against Chinese men but when I tell people they laugh."
 "By getting gilded in /r/lounge. There is also /r/megamegalounge and /r/megamegamegalounge. You acces them by getting gilded in the one below."
 "It *is* a hilarious word..."
 "Seems like the least dexterous part of a man's anatomy...  do women not most often prefer a more ... controlled ... approach?  Don't get me wrong, I'm all for exploring possibilities and routinely do but this has been my (limited) experience thus far."
 "It can be called soccer or football. Soccer is a pretty stupid name for it though. "
 "I'm having a bagel and lox tonight as well. Yea, I'm doing breakfast for dinner cause I'm an adult dammit!"
 "Just hope they don't make you bag them."
 "i thought you were gonna say you pulled the wrong arm into the grinder! "
 "Back to the depths of imgur with you! "
 "A flying penis would be nice."
 "To make this next year brighter, what was the worst thing that happened to you in this ending year, and what do you anticipate to be the best thing in 2014?"
 "His followers called him Mahasamatman and said he was a god. He preferred to drop the Maha- and the -atman, however, and called himself Sam. He never claimed to be a god. But then, he never claimed not to be a god. Circumstances being what they were, neither admission could be of any benefit.  - Rodger Zelagnzy, \"Lord of Light\" "
 "But then what do you do with your pants??"
 "Nothing. I need to learn from my own mistakes.   I may tell myself to invest in gold or Apple. "
 "I feel I understand that dog."
 "...Hi son."
 "Dear god.  One last question, how would you rate the overall pain from 1 to 10, 1 being nothing and 10 being absolutely-unbearable-im-probably-going-to-pass-out?"
 "My husband bought one. Ran great, he said the thing about them is that you know they have been maintained. The bonus was the push bar in front, when on the freeways, other cars would go to other lanes thinking we were a police car and we could just zip through the fast lanes, ha ha ha. Down side, it was a gas guzzler. He paid $700 after a year sold it for $1000."
 "Lets not forget Big Booty Judy."
 "Brain better be please."
 "Down here in Shaky City Christchurch! My night was pretty chill really, drinks, played some games. Hear about the house down here that got all its windows smashed and got the riot police called on it? :D  "
 "Toilets"
 "Learn to cook."
 "Thank God he's in councilling. To bad it's no working."
 "Absolutely nothing."
 "I think if you point it out and realize that she didn't mean it it's rather ok.  Of course if it was done on purpose that's total bs."
 "Sports. Who gives a fuck?"
 "What government works on time scales longer than the next election?"
 "Happiness, trust, comfort, conversation, laughter, companionship. "
 "I like the Bicholim conflict. Fictional war between Portugal and India I think, put on Wikipedia in about '08, attained 'good article' status, and was going to be mentioned in Nat Geo until one of the researchers found that none of the sources cited were real.  EDIT: 0&lt;9"
 "$10 mail in rebate"
 "Thanks!"
 "\"My cat just farted.\""
 "I don't get where you found that half a trillion dollar number, but the Catholic Church (one of the largest religious organizations) only spends an estimated $170 billion a year and an estimated 57% goes to health care networks and an estimated 28% goes to colleges. That doesn't include operational costs and other charity.  Many religious organizations also run hospitals, charities, universities, soup kitchens and scholarship programs.  They provide a service to people for free. They provide food and shelter.  Organizations like the ACLU and EFF lobby. They get tax breaks. Why should they get tax breaks but not churches?"
 "People treat an apology as a segue to continue arguing: \"I'm sorry, but you didn't blah blah blah\"... see what I mean? That isn't an apology. Or, \"I'm sorry you felt that way, but...\" so the apology isn't for your actions, but for the person's reaction to it... it's easy to feel sorry someone ELSE is an asshole. It takes skill to know when you're the asshole.   I won't say I'm sorry, but I certainly sympathize that you've not gotten a proper apology in your life! "
 "Find a new way home, maybe get lost along the way. The best adventures are the ones you don't expect. "
 "I think you need to take into account how much the technology has improved since then. The first self-checkouts were ass. Now they are leaps and bounds better. I actually don't mind using them now, where as 5 years ago I would always wait in line for a real person."
 "[Google Opt Out Feature Lets Users Protect Privacy by Moving to Remote "Rolf Harris is also a celebrity so these things tend to get out"
 "You just *had* to be drinking when you made me, didn't you, God? Can I just have a pair of working legs? That'd be great!  Thank you to whoever found my humor morbid enough to give me gold."
 "It's also a fucking  *joke*."
 "Sometimes it can be very attractive "
 "Me too. Love that band!"
 "You say it says a lot and speaks volumes, but I still don't see what it says. What does it say about our healthcare and educational system?"
 "Care to cite a source?  There was a popular story going around recently about how much a Big Mac's price would rise if McD's paid a living wage. The story was total BS but not one single media outlet bothered to actually read McDonald's annual report to check the figures before publishing it. They all later corrected and/or retracted their stories. Even better the \"study\" was from an undergrad at a mediocre state school. That's all the credentials these folks needed to run with it."
 "Honesty."
 "Less hair on my ass and more on my face"
 "A bat. For the sake of comparison, picture batman who is a human superhero who does bat-like things. Now picture a man-sized bat who flies around and terrorizes people. That's my nightmare."
 "I have a 13-year-old cat named Skittles. When she notices that I'm upset or if she just wants attention, she'll come up to me and start patting at my hands or my face with her paws. It's the most adorable thing ever. "
 "Wait, *what*?"
 "We would have air cooling, if it weren't for them meddling pants."
 "She did have her moments. "
 "I went to a record store in SF and Hal Sparks was two people behind me. This was when that \"I Love The...\" was on VH1 and I had a panic attack because I was a teenager and fucking loved that show. I never said anything because I wasn't 100% sure it was him until I saw a group of people outside the store come up to him for photos."
 "Yes. "
 "If you're being massively downvoted, someone always comes along to criticize you. "
 "My black lab Sage, in her 11 years of life thus far has yet to figure out how to scratch her face with her hind legs and sit down at the same time. She always stops running around to awkwardly lean over and scratch. This has made her surprisingly flexible, though."
 "They'd be saving a few billion on welfare programs too, but I realize that still isn't enough. I'm really not sure how you'd get it to work in the US but I think it's a fantastic idea if we could figure it out."
 "I don't know I can't remember that far back....ask me again in a couple hours"
 "Testicle armour. "
 "commenting to save!"
 "I always want to ask my male friends this...."
 "How the fuck do you act black?"
 "Dafuq?"
 "Adsf adi vnaipn a0sd9 avdiap as;dfm; apoiasndf."
 "The Mayans."
 "Learn how to properly use the term \"vis-a-vis\" "
 "Dear God, I wish my econ professor would explain things this well, sadly she does not have a firm grasp on the English language."
 "Removal of default subs"
 " same article i posted before, education does not equal living also agree that flipping burgers in and of itself should be able to support an entire family, but what about a single mother or a father. Should they be punished? "
 "My plans for NYE fell through and it looks like I'll be sitting at home all night. What does reddit think I should do to make the night eventful?"
 "So what should happen is an economic cleansing of the free market of those un-fit to deal with price inflation. I'm not talking about teenagers with a job while they go to school. The people who don't have decent educations and work low level service jobs.   Plenty had to get even more of said jobs because some food service businesses have enforced hour caps to 28 hours. This way to gain a full time job means working more than one of this kind of job.    this causes a much lower quality in the output of work provided. We need to get rid of this type of worker. If said worker can not make a livable wage then they should be removed from the economy. "
 "Tv watching. Most people don't properly calibrate their tvs, they just use out-of-the-box settings or one of the presets. Proper calibration means a *night and day* difference in picture quality."
 "I found out through the good ole' man this just doesn't feel right anymore better check her phone."
 "Not 21. Nothing to do unless you're 21. Also no friends."
 "/r/Indigenous_languages   /r/endangeredlanguages "
 "What new technology are you excited for?"
 "\"Diamonds are forever.\"  Or maybe some blatant like like, \"I'm a girl's best friend\"."
 "Make it clear next time that you need citations for the accuracy of the model to the real world and not citations for the model itself."
 "I don't think that's how it works..."
 "Socialized preventative measures certainly were, however. [Lighthouse Act of "Python, because I'm terrible at getting motivated to learn it the hard way. This year could be the year...  Other than that, Aramaic. would be interesting to learn and would be great for some epic level pranks. "
 "Star wars"
 "DMV. over 3 hours."
 "I think you should tell them when it feels natural and when there's a reason to. But I think it's best if you at least prepare them in some small way or anther, maybe read a book which has death in it (inb4 people going bonkers, there are lots of kiddies book about the concept or death, and some even made for the exact purpose of getting to discuss such a topic), so that you talk about it, because if somebody suddenly dies, then it's a pretty heavy blow to a kid if they know nothing about it at all."
 "That is some wishful thinking right there..."
 "Trains, planes and automobiles, about halfway through. So much fuck."
 "Is this an amputee fetish or...?"
 "Don't bring up the thing that makes you uncomfortable."
 "Go gambling in Jaco but don't buy a hooker."
 ","
 "Venice Beach, Santa Monica Pier, Hollywood walk of fame and the museums on the side. I suggest going during the day though to the Walk of Fame. Also consider Northern California and  Southern California two completely different things."
 "Sleeping."
 "The rest of the money is for living on."
 "It's 'our' not 'are'.  \"We moved into are new apartment!\" "
 "Toom Croos "
 "They sound nice when their quiet"
 "Girls whose voices suddenly jump in pitch like thi^i^i^i^i^^^s ... really fuckin annyoing..."
 "I was surfing porn on my phone and accidentally hit the FB  \"like\" button underneath a pregnant lesbian video."
 "You're right."
 "We're enjoying the view and watching wear we step. Especially if we're wearing heels."
 "I like Arden Myrin .... so anything she was in.  Bryan Kallen and his motivational speaker.  Stuart and He look like a man.  I miss MadTV."
 "I don't want child molesters living across the street from the grade school "
 "Reddit"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "well if that is what they want to do, then they can."
 "Colorado here.   I would say going to Durango, CO. I think it's great because Durango has amazing food, it's a cute town with a \"western\" feel and its gorgeous.  Durango has a ski resort (if you're here in the winter) and a sweet river you can tube down in the summer (also some waterfalls you can jump called Cascade falls). There's a train that's fun to ride. Also, we like to drink, so the bars are fun. Durango also has tons of fun festivals (like Snowdown and Taste of Durango). It's got a ton of outdoor things to do, and it's also close to places like Mesa Verde. "
 "Chocolate and fine, single malt scotch."
 "Just a lot of sensitive people out there. We got whatcha mean."
 "How fake and processed most of the food are."
 "I'm 42 and so are most of my FB friends.  They BELIEVE this shit."
 "On the optical spectrum, blue is located between violet and green. "
 "A large brown dildo wrapped in a towel on the bathroom counter. Apparently the cleaning lady found it and ran away without telling anyone. Immediately after I found it there was a knock on the door. It was the hotel manager asking me if I had found something. There was a smallish man in a suit next to him. I think the dildo belonged to him. Anyway I just pointed into the bathroom and the man went and got it. "
 "/r/xenoling "
 "Think of a body part or function and there's a fetish for it."
 "It does. It just hasn't worked for you."
 "Anyone on the London underground who fails to follow this rule will be on the receiving end of some serious tutting. "
 "If you take a job that is meant to be part time, and work it full time, then you can't expect a living wage. Jobs for teens or for resume building or new workers or simple jobs. Everything can't earn a living wage."
 "I have to agree with you here... when you look strictly at economics, without considering the human element the reply seems to conveniently dodge the crux of the issue.  For instance, if there are countries that use slave labour, or prison labour to produce product, and you allow that product to compete with your local product, you will introduce pressures on your work force that are not sustainable in their environment.  The economics will still be correct... but unfortunately you will have a lot of suffering in your workforce.  Cheapest is not always best.  Cutting corners, is not always best.    Rivers of garbage may cut it in China, as does unbreathable air in Beijing, but must we all have the same rivers and the same smog only because economics is the only factor of interest?   "
 "AI ends in the water, damnit. "
 "I don't understand what you're saying here. I'm not trying to say that the unemployed are stupid and have a lack of understanding about economics; there's a very large knowledge gap concerning basic economics (and the problems with traditional economic models) in this country, shared by the rich and the poor, employed and unemployed."
 "i want to see Rule 34 for every one of these suggestions"
 "This one. All my friends are in different states and I am chilling with my dad, eating Chinese and watching Apocalypse Now. Not that bad, but it would be awesome to see my best friend and get roasted on New Years. I never celebrated for it, but this year I really wish I could've."
 "Work on my appearance and personal hygiene. Maybe she would of stayed then."
 "Shits not real.  It's favorite characters, not favorite \"who would you like to chill with.\"  Old Ramsdogmillionaire is my favorite character."
 "Go away George R R Martin, stop getting ideas for the next book"
 "They're more than bones man!"
 "I just meant that, for me, it does not beat the hell out of driving. The cost is well worth it for me."
 "Thing is, I've touch typed for long enough now that I just know where the keys are. Taking notes with an iPad is really easy for me. "
 "Once a day.  Maybe twice.  Masttubating is a kind of break for me.  After ejaculation you can also easily focus on something too.  "
 "Sleeping."
 "Love you, too, sweetie."
 "The comma was intended to let people know that I was using the line from a song by Luther Vandross  Janet Jackson."
 "HAH, thats fuckin rad, and pretty dope to have those signs as some killer decoration these days."
 "I dunno, this one's pretty racist without actually providing any valuable social commentary. "
 "Soo.. Do we start paying less to college grads and people who took the time and put forth the effort to develop specialized skills so that we can give that money to people who might happen to have been born with the innate ability to flip a burger amazingly well? "
 "Mick jagger will die"
 "This is where you show an answer card that is all white..."
 "Tranny thing or an underage thing that will send you to pound-me-in-the-ass-big-boy-prison?"
 "When you sneeze or cough into your hand, you later use that gross hand to touch things. Sneeze/cough into something that won't later spread your germs onto things other people will touch."
 "     sits next to you and give you a big uncomfortable hug."
 "10/10 wuld play again"
 "My dog does the same thing!"
 "What about an amalgamation of the 3"
 "My mom gave me $40."
 "Dani will be my wife someday.   It is known."
 "It's not physically arousing (I don't have sexual organs in my mouth - unexpected huh?), but it's arousing to do something my partner enjoys.   I chose partners who feel the same way towards me. Sex is more fun when you both enjoy making the other feel good and it isn't just \"giving to get\"."
 "It would look like a giant pile of crap - cardboard and duct tape. I am not a handyman. "
 "I did photography for a living for years. I also taught classes for people wanting to get into it. Hearing someone say \"I bought this ($800) zoom lens and all my pictures are blurry\" is usually cleared up in literally 10 seconds. Make use of that hand damnit. "
 "paraphrased- Highly developed cerebral cortex combined with opposable thumbs"
 "Because they produce and add society. Never mind the old adage about teaching a man to fish. "
 "Was supposed to go downtown for a house party but its been snowing all day and the roads are shit. Thought about taking the train but logistically, id have to pay cab fares out the ass plus, id now have to worry about the train back...So i'm most likely staying in on here or may get a drink at a local bar for the countdown "
 "I like this account. Keep it up, that made me laugh."
 "my cat smells like syrup."
 "And using phones in the theatres, I don't give a shit if you're \"just checking a text\", it's a fucking annoying light and I want to enjoy my movie I payed far too much to watch"
 "Totally made my night! Sorry "
 " Kenny Rogers  hehe that was some comedy gold."
 "That is what horns and middle fingers are for."
 " executive pay and profits are at an all-time high.  Across the board?  What industries are making the most insane profits?  It seems to me when people talking about skyrocketing profits they are referring to profits in the banking industry, which are generally the ones with the most government involvement.  "
 "Sleeping"
 "My nickname isn't spelled the normal way so I totally understand what you mean hahah. She just goes by Ash mostly."
 "Fav"
 "D...dad?"
 "[enter whatever text you want here in the brackets](put the url in here in the parenthesis)"
 "Can confirm. Cook at a restaurant kinda like the one in Waiting. I won't spit in your food or anything but the person who says they want their well done steak out right away won't wanna know what happened to their food "
 "What the fuck is that?"
 "Hellboy, he is a cool rude dude."
 "Low wage jobs exist because there are desperate people who have no choice and greedy people who happily victimize them. "
 "Gills. With about 70% of our planet's surface covered by water, we need gills already."
 "Hope you feel better soon."
 "When I go to a restaurant for some reason when their thumb is more than a little over onto my plate. I understand the thumb needs to be folded over a little to hold onto it but when you have more than a whole knuckle on the plate it just irks me."
 "Nope, it was in a part of Wales that was not as popular as it used to be, most things had closed and the toilets were brand new, so I think they just wanted to protect the new stuff. However there are campsites and two fun fairs pretty close to the toilet so I don't have another idea why they would close so early."
 "I *HAAAAATE* those things."
 "I can get it even cheaper if I drive about a half hour to the Indian reservation.  But the drive is long enough that the savings aren't worth it.  I know a guy who does that in his Prius, though."
 "I hate to be like this, but the founders of major religions have told the most influential lies. Muhammad walking out of the cave claiming he heard from God. The Apostles claiming Jesus returned. "
 "Because my grandfather is having paranoid delusions that he is being investigated for a 15 year old rape, and a man is trying to steal the deed to our home; he can't be left alone, and my grandmother just makes it worse. "
 "/r/sindarin   /r/Quenya "
 "Got some good buffalo wings. Too bad, my dad ate most of it but I still got a decent amount."
 "Except that they are 'already maximizing profits' based on competition with competitors who, like them, aren't subject to a minimum wage. An across the board minimum wage affecting the entire market, both people and business (and not necessarily equally since its impact depends on the resources of each person or business) changes the equilibrium point for maximized profits too. There's very complex feedback between all these marketslabour, goods, services, etc.which is precisely why this model is such an over-simplification, as you've acknowledged. Though I would go further and call it an over-simplification to the point of being nearly irrelevant to the real world problem. (\"All models are wrong, but some are useful\"). And that's even before arguing about just how applicable the market efficiency assumption is for the labour market."
 "does a fart have lumps?"
 "And alarm clock sounds."
 "Nice. Took me some rereads and a frustrated exhale from my nose to realise what /u/Turbo-Lover was talking about"
 "It's warm down here."
 "I don't see the connection.  The education is paid for by taxes.  "
 "Mila Jovovich. "
 "This of course is assuming you're not a bunch of teenagers, and your hostess gift is a bottle of Boone's Farm Strawberry Hill or Tickle Pink.  In that case open that bad boy up and get drinking! =)"
 "$60 a month is 2 weeks worth of groceries or more...  $60 a month is my gas budget for the entire month...  $60 is a lot"
 "Prehensile penis. "
 "I have to be honest, I do think this is a little over rated. If you have access to a balanced diet via take out or whatever, and the money to do so, go for it.  Cooking + dishes is work and time down the drain. If you know you're not content with your own cooking without dumping $30 of groceries into one meal, and it takes you an hour between cooking and cleaning up your mess to eat, why not get $15 worth of take out and save the time and labor?"
 "I don't want to be annoyed by my relatives."
 "He told me, honestly, that he had kissed another the weekend before (albeit in a very drunk mood), but that he did not regret it and did not feel ashamed. It hurt like hell, ofcourse, but I'm glad he listened to me (I used to always say he ought to tell me if he did cheat). Obv. I'm single now. ;)"
 "So make it possible to synthesize sperm at 37 degrees. Easy fixes here god, easy fixes.  "
 "on the flip side of that .. someone behind me in line tried to convince the cashier that my 6pack should count as 6 items .. yeah"
 "My business and investing teacher in high school always said \"Money can not buy happiness, but the lack of money can cause unhappiness.\" "
 "Well, it's what I talk out of!"
 "Tying your shoes. There is a strong and weak version of the knot and most people wrap it the weak way. There is also a Ted Talk somewhere out there about it. "
 "Don't the clocks turn 00:00 everyday?"
 "Trust me it's pretty useless when you realize people don't really care about the Shiny Lotad you caught the other day :("
 "Thats how I convinced my friends to make an account"
 "Good luck :)"
 "Sounds like you could use some Real Analysis "
 " Just read the article i already posted in this thread, i dont know why everybody has this crazy idea that a certification or a college degree equals big pay checks."
 "Waited for two hours as a little kid to get onto the new Mummy ride that had opened in Universal Studios...it was 45 seconds long and was the shittiest piece of crap ride ever."
 "Listen, it's not like I don't understand *why* you guys are saying this, but I'm not sure you fully understand the implications of doing so. I'm not saying that to sound pretentious so please don't think that, *please*. I'm saying that because I used to think similarly.    My own viewpoint was that no matter what we do right now, the world will still have some pretty terrible things happen, like rape. And I thought because of that we just have to take the necessary precautions to avoid being taken advantage of. It wasn't until I read an [article an acquaintance that I started to really think about the ramifications of my own opinion. My initial response was to disagree with him and call him a naive idealist. I couldn't have been more wrong, really.  I initially, mindlessly, nodded my head in agreement to the article this acquaintance was responding to. It was written directly to the females of my university, and its aim was to show us what we had to do in order to make sure we didn't get taken advantage of. I ignorantly agreed based on the fact that \"shit happens\" so we may as well do what we can not to get into that situation.  And you know what? That's **fucking absurd**. This dude, Wiley, made every excellent point on the subject when he discussed the basic fact that \"perpetrators alone are to blame in rape.\" You know why? Because *they* decided to commit the crime. *They* decided to cast aside any human decency. *They* decided that the rest of this girl's life just didn't mean anything compared to their urgent whim to hurt right now. Not to make love, not to have sex, not to give DNA, not to fuck. **To Rape and hurt.**   When people list the things you need to do to avoid getting raped, and they say that the victims put themselves in that situation, when *you* say those things, all of you are making apologies for the rapist whether you like it or not. You can say obviously you don't support rape but that you're just saying the girl or guy could have avoided it. You're wrong when you do. You can say you're absolutely not making apologies for some sort of rape culture, but you're absolutely, no exceptions, wrong if you're saying that alongside, \"they could have avoided it.\"   It's not to any degree the fault of the victim of murder, theft, psychological abuse, physical abuse, torture, etc. ad nauseam. And it's not to any degree the fault of the victim of rape.  Please, please consider how absurd victim blaming sounds. You have no choice as to whether or not you're part of the problem if you make allowances like this. You are unquestionably part of the problem if you do.   Edit: a word.  More Edit: Bottom line, sure, the victims could avoid getting hurt by never going out ever so as to avoid anyone who might act criminally. However, the onus really isn't on you or me to avoid the terrible actions of someone we have no control over. The onus is on everyone to not do the wrong thing. "
 "I hate how in commercials they say how good the staff is and how nice they are. Like no shit they're supposed to do that."
 "self-healing cells for cancer/STDs. "
 "I'm saying there will always be people who messed up but want others to fix their problems.  In the free market, there would still be a cream of the crop group of people that would make more money because they can demand more money. It's similar to how pro sports work. The best players get paid the most money by the richest teams. Even with a salary cap and league minimum, some players are just so good that they're worth giving a majority of the money to. There's no problem on the grand scale with the free market. The problem is that people want to be able to stare at a wall for $15 dollars an hour."
 "I don't think it's logical, and I don't think they have a moral \"right\" to it either. "
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "No luck needed to be successful with even a modicum of intelligence and a work ethic.  You believe in a just world.  Must be nice. "
 "Good for you. It's also very endearing to me, in a good way. In my social circles it's common to see people commit to eachother only after having slept together many times, and even then it's a rare thing. How old were you?"
 "Boss let those who came in to work go home a few hours early.  This answer might change in an hour or two when I heat up a Marie Callendar's frozen meal, though.  Ending 2013 with a bang."
 "[Violently Too High - Nick "I can see John Travolta doing this"
 "It feels bigger than it looks?"
 "Girl here. I tell my SO that the vagina monster always demands sacrifice. Either it's chocolate or a dick and if I'm on my period and he forgot to purchase chocolate, he's gonna have a blood [bad] time."
 "\"Going out\" is just a euphemism. You don't have to stay outdoors."
 "Far-sighted politicians try to. Appointed officials do. Dictators do."
 "Because some people are idiots and will vote against their own best interests. People for the most part are puppets, and can't think for themselves"
 "A problem I have is that adjusting the minimum wage doesn't adjust everyone else's salary. If I'm making 10$/hour to do construction or some sort of labor, and the minimum wage is raised to 10$, then now I will make the same amount of money as a 15 yr old kid.  You can argue that market forces would take over... And that if an entry level job at mcdonalds pays the same as construction, i would just go work at whichever job I prefer.   And everyone raising their wages has to make a choice:  1. Do I take a smaller share of profit in order to pay these people more? 2. Do I pass this cost along to my customer? 3. Do I just eliminate this position?  I feel like the majority of businesses when faced with option 1 are going to decide that they can't afford a smaller share of profit, because they're either too greedy or really can't afford it.. Because if neither of those were true they'd probably have already raised their wages.   2 is pretty easy to justify when there's a massive news cycle about minimum wage hikes."
 "Organic chemistry... Not that I'm an expert or anything but when I think about how much I studied that stuff and how little I will ever use it again, it really starts to irk me."
 "in the open = ill never tell u till i die. u have to figure it out  the secret = dont ask me for permission to take my daughter and dont try to win my affections.  if you really wanted my daughter you wouldnt give a rats ass about my permission or my affection.  be a man. take what you want."
 "*Superb*"
 "I have learned to take control of my anxiety. My dad had to be hospitalized for anxiety and depression and almost ended up losing his business that hes built for 30+ years because of it. Its so treatable and worth the hard work. Thank you pops."
 "  When I started learning English, this really confused the hell out have me.  I see that you too prefer to put more commas than necessary in your sentences. "
 " Self-made millionaires aren't known for stopping after the first few million.  That's true, but implying that your average min.wage worker has the same mentality and drive as a self-made millionaire is incorrect. "
 "The wooden spoon and the hairbrush were the staples of our household - and god forbid you broke Mom's damned hairbrush!   Once, my mom came to our room shaking that spoon - we weren't settling down - and lo and behold, she'd accidentally taken a wooden FORK.   We all yelled \"Fork you, Mom!\" and the moment was lost to giggles and silliness. "
 "If you knew your 2014 wish would be granted, but your worst enemy would get everything doubled, what would you wish for? "
 "Do you think it's bad luck to knowingly screw up someone's new years resolution..?"
 "May the odds be ever in your favor."
 "I used to work at a delivery company as a temp staff, I liked most of the supervisors there but my manager was the one I hated. During a busy month he panicked and hired 10 extra temps and we ended up doing absolutely nothing most of the day cause we had so many people. Then he fires every single temp half a month later as he felt that we were taking up too much company money. After he fires all of us, there's a shortage of manpower and the company loses a major contract. He blames it on one of the supervisors and keeps his job and the supervisor got fired.  Also he got fired from DHL before he came to my company because he didn't have a driver's license.  TL;DR: Boss hires too many temps, then fires us all cause he's a moron. Then blames it on someone else and gets away with it."
 "Propper grammar.   edit: wow, thanks for the points guys, that's really nice -_-"
 "Paul Walker would die in a car accident  (no one had posted it yet)"
 "I thought that you're story was going to end by you shoving Alex's real arm into the grinder."
 "How are vitamins bogus?"
 "I edited my post to add some details after reading this, and you're right. I don't think I could do the roommate thing anymore. Age definitely is a huge factor when it comes to living at the minimums.   For the career I was after, I was alright with going to the much cheaper community college instead of the state university. That's the only way I was able to afford that without either loans or assistance from my parents. Going to a real university would've had me eating my words without a doubt."
 "My cat crosses his paws every time he sits down. *Every. Time.* And the left is always crossed over the right. He's also overweight. Every time he stretches, his plump little stomach kind of sucks up and it looks like a bowling ball attached to an arched back. It's hilarious."
 "Don't piss on your GF.  ftfy"
 "i'm stuck on a submarine, unable to leave until tomorrow morning.   in the military it's known as \"duty.\"  hehehe....   \"duty.\""
 "But as the war on drugs has shown us, the imprisonment of millions is much more lucrative for large companies."
 "One of those Nintendo power gloves."
 "I know this is 17 days later, but I actually said \"Awwww\" out loud. Thanks for brightening up this thread!  "
 "As a new dad sleep is the thing I miss the most."
 "Is this like in southie? You shovel a parking spot out and put something in it so no one takes your place while you go get your car?"
 "im sure \"you know how many hot bitches i own?\" would be a terrible pick up line. "
 "WHY DIDN'T YOU FINISH YOUR FUCKING HOMEWORK, I TOLD YOU TO GET OFF THE COMPUTER!!!"
 "Thanks!  I'll be fine in a few days.  Probably.  Or I'll die."
 "I packed up my car to move."
 "peanut butter sandwich and ice cold milk"
 "No, but if you have a tampon in you can feel the poo trying to pass by it. Sometimes you can push a tampon out along with a big poo. "
 "I was told to always close the lid because it keeps the fumes out and is cleaner that way"
 "I learned I can be independent, I don't need a SO to complete me."
 "I asked my grandpa why he was bald. He told me that he lost his hair because he got in a fight with a bear, and the bear ripped it off. I was so proud of grandpa for fighting a bear that I had to tell everyone about how brave he was. I was surprised when the family started laughing at me."
 "Rashida Jones"
 "Dude I fucking know. I starting learning French and Italian after I learned Spanish and I was like 'fuck I can translate half of this shit already'. Great stuff."
 "Goddamned Grover Cleveland."
 "**Will the world economy get better or worse in 2014?**   I mean, it is pretty suckish now. Any hope for the world?"
 "We'd be concerned there was life in such proximity that we hadn't communicated with thus far. You know, because Mars is like 5 minutes from us at light speed, tops. (Discounting when it's on the exact opposite side of the Sun)"
 "Tom Cruise. "
 "Thank you, I found that a really clear explanation. Good job :) "
 "That sucks. But never fear, Reddit is here :)"
 "IMO there's wiggle room around the 15 items.  16, sure you're okay.  30? Nope fuck off.  I personally try to count my items by the number of scans that need to be done."
 "Oops, I stepped on a duck. "
 "5760 x 1080."
 "What?  Post your address, since \"Why not?\"  You have nothing to worry about, if people are looking at your house or not on Google Street View...  "
 "Yes the jobs aren't great, but minimum wage jobs were never conceived with the purpose of providing a living. People need to strive for greatness, otherwise the country as we know it is doomed"
 "Well that was anti-climactic. If you had problems with my rebuttal I'd like to hear them."
 "Wow holy shit just drop the guy off the roof of a building.   Oh wait its fine hes protected by a foot width of padding. "
 "You can't even use spell check. You deserve to be poor. "
 "It tastes like loudness."
 "I'm in! Choo-Choo!  Edit: Enjoy the gold!"
 "Take this job and shove it!"
 "Wipin the bath clean! Surely make you lose your mind."
 "1080p"
 "Wow, that's an amazing achievement! Congrats! "
 "My problem as well.  There's a ton of stuff I'd be interested in, but I've never put in effort and I don't really have anything I'm passionate about."
 "Don't you worry about me now, it's in between sets that I people watch. "
 "It matters but think of it as part of a package rather than homing in on one feature. Keep it clean and tidy like the rest of your appearance. Bad hygiene is way worse than simply being ugly. Remember that other parts of who you are matter, like your personality and interests. No, really, they do, just less advantage in a nightclub I guess."
 "I love that sensation. It's like a breath of summer wind in a bayou."
 "That's where education should come into play - and government spending.  Train people to be able to do other jobs and make sure other jobs are available.  Construction work, for example, is much more valuable to society than fast food.  If there's no private sector demand for this, then we've got plenty of public infrastructure that could use a boost.  "
 "they're called the republican base"
 "I actually had some social life today - I've just been sitting in my room last 9 days because of vacation.  "
 "A dozen steamed blue claws in Old Bay and a six pack"
 "Im 6'6 so im only used to getting both arms under mine hugs. With me being the height that i am, should i just disregard this guide to hugs? I know it sounds painfully obvious, but I am curious on your opinion. Even in relationships, ive never gotten over the shoulder hugs unless theyre up on a step or something."
 "Liars"
 "If you've thought of it, it's somebody's fetish."
 "With proper rest and liquids, you'll be shipshape soon. "
 "Using \"Happy New Years\" as an excuse to randomly start chatting up old friends."
 "Sometimes in missionary I can feel the tube inside his penis pulsing each time he cums. "
 " That shit feels nice.  Cracked me up.  Thanks."
 "A Series of Unfortunate events?    Or a Song of Ice and Fire...."
 "Yea I remember a couple of stories like this.  They all ended with the customer and clerk laughing and then the clerk voided out the charges."
 "masturbating, I would say something but then they would find out where i am hiding"
 "That is a relly vage anwser"
 "This was taken in a village in the Logar Province in Afghanistan.  Source: Personally know the soldier that is in the picture."
 "Victoria Bitter, Australia's go to cheap beer. In reality it's not actually beer, just bottled up cat piss with a vinegar mixer. "
 "That's not for particularly economic reasons. That's because they believe the right wing narrative. And I'm not so sure you find many people who think like that anyway. Not a particularly scientific claim you've made there. It's more a cultural subjectivity. And in those terms, I give you "The mould on my dick grows out in the open air!"
 "Ive had one of both. Mental - got to her place, made out, did some hand stuff and when she wanted to get to the sex I realized I didnt bring my condoms, asked her if she had any but didnt. She said as long as im clean its ok. Im sure that I was and im willing to bet that since she asked she she was sure she was but you just never know. Physical -  went out with buddies.  As soon as I got to the bar I noticed this bombshell. She was beautiful.  Way the hell out of my league. Had no intentions of even trying to talk to her but I was sitting at the bar and she came up next to me to order a drink. In a mumbled moronic way I told the bartender to put it on my tab. Sparked a conversation.  After chit chatting for a couple of hours I asked if she wanted to come in for a nightcap. Came inside had a few more drinks started kissing. I thought there's no way this is happening. I wanted to orally pleasure her so I take off her clothes, she just in bra and panties. I start kissing her chest, start making my way down to do my thing. I did the belly button test, guys you know what im talking about. I get to her belly button and smell the most god awful foul thing I could imagine. Made me gag it was so foul! Im sure she noticed it. Didnt want to embarrass her completely so I faked a headache and left. I expect some kind of smell, but this was unworldly, pretty sure there was green squiggly lines protruding from her underwear. "
 "How was your New Years Eve?"
 "THE GIANT MIDGET: THE AVERAGE SIZED MENACE  IN A THEATER NEAR YOU!!!!"
 "**Attention!** Please keep in mind that the OP of this thread has chosen to mark this post with the **[Serious] replies only** tag, therefore any replies that are jokes, puns, off-topic, or are otherwise non-contributory will be removed.  If you see others posting comments that violate this tag, please report them to the mods!   Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "I know that is why Democrats always fight when you try to point them out."
 "Stabsmcnabs."
 "I think there would be a lot of illegal immigration problems."
 "Got a year older "
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "I don't care that it's not new. I want it to just stop being a media blitz. "
 "Pics?"
 "Bullshit."
 "Gwen Stefani."
 "Learn a foreign language. If you're a native English speaker, Spanish, French and German are easy to pick up. Do some every day and it will change the way you see the world. If you're not a native English speaker and you reddit in English, well, hat off to ya"
 "So we'll be no better and no worse?"
 "Oh. Guess I'll need to wait a few hours before people can answer this then :("
 "It's actually based on Nero Caesar. The numbering system used in those days were based on the alphabet and using the system to get a number based on Nero Caesar in Hebrew is 666 but in versions based on Latin the number is 616 because that's how the number system works out. I'm pretty sure they were just calling Nero Caesar the Antichrist."
 "Or when I'm not wearing pants or underwear, and people can see my junk just fine... *man* I hate that!"
 "Orgasm button"
 "The customers that have long forgotten what it's like to work that kind of gig."
 "."
 "Candlejack is h"
 "that is the cashier's fault .. blame the cashier"
 "What was the best thing about 2013?"
 "You shot me you miserable dingus "
 "Either Japanese or Hylian."
 "You're saying what blue is but not what it looks like. Better off asking what green and violet are "
 "Or a pact of silence, maybe they'll kill us?"
 "there is no such mentality, the world isn't ruled by one person, there are companies trying to reduce costs because they have to report to shareholders and politicians supposedly making sure they don't fuck up the populous' way of life by doing so, what we have is a failure on the politicians' part to properly regulate business"
 "Body piercings."
 "Ride the Lightning"
 I'm surprised you haven't heard the \"black-guys-like-fat-white-women\" stereotype."
 "Start buying things months ahead of time.  You can get a good set of towels, knives and pans for the price of a crappy set if you have enough time to wait for good sales.    Whatever you put down on paper for your monthly expenses, regardless of how conservative you think you are, add 50% more.  Good friends do not necessarily make good roommates.  Check out how they live before you move in.  Do you think they're too clean or messy? Do they not treat their things with respect or perhaps are too meticulous?  I've seen too many friendships end because one thought the other wasn't doing their fair share of cleaning or not using things that weren't theirs.  Think about these things before jumping in.  Finally, if you are fortunate enough to currently have someone doing all your cooking and laundry, you will shortly learn how good you have it now."
 "Not to be mistaken for Skodje."
 "How do you do it, may I ask?"
 "Greetings from /r/lojban!"
 "Machete, cooking pot, and someone to talk to."
 "Gold!"
 "Thank you!  And I'm not able to see anything through your link. Is my phone just acting up or something?"
 "I really hope that I have a better perspective on my life and what makes me happy."
 " Does that mean that people shouldn't have children? Of course not.   If they can't afford them, then yeah, it means exactly that."
 "It is what it is"
 "Trust me.. You have no idea.."
 "This is local to the area I'm from (and may not be the type of free things you are referring to) but MAN, Festival International de Louisiane is a music/cultural festival that celebrates music from all over the world and it is free. If you're ever in the Acadiana area around April, come check it out...!"
 "Email. COME ON MOM!"
 "I do this all the time.  Both are correct depending on where you are from.  On the internets you should expect to see both and you should expect many folks switching to the just as correct method of placing it after the number."
 "retractable dick, something I can only read about in Star Trek fanfiction. Think about it: protected from the elements, only pops out for sex, everyone sits to pee, cleaner bathrooms."
 "Inclement weather set in just as I got my mother home from the airport and we sat on the couch to watch silly television together."
 "True, but that's only a part of it. The rest is dependent on where you live, your health, age, available family and or government safety nets etc.   Hard work and self belief are important, but if you're a 40 year old with a bad back who never had enough money to further your education, it will only get you so far. "
 "\"A 30-foot tall, 10-foot tall physical data security wall will prevent users from leaving the village until they decide they want to start using Google again.\""
 "Happiness. "
 "why shouldn't you report that to your employer so they can pay you less, no matter what job you work?       Because when you're *working* you are trading *your time* to your employer for a fee, exchanging your labor on their chosen work for a set amount of money per unit of time or chosen work. When you're talking about using taxes to pay a \"living wage\" you're not talking about an exchange of that nature, you're talking about *giving* a person *enough to live on*, which varies from person to person and situation to situation. "
 "Just like men, women have different taste and find different things attractive. Some women have a \"type\" others are attracted to certain things in all men. I have never had a type, but a nice mouth, intelligence, willingness to learn, shared interests, etc. are all nice. "
 "The bladder needs the option to reabsorb water if necessary. The amount of times I have been desperate for a drink but also dying for a piss is actually ridiculous!"
 "It does not float or sink. It stays exactly where it wants to."
 "My dad has said this since I was a kid. I brought it to college with me and my first roommate thought I crust ally brought spiders from home. It was hilarious. "
 "What about the people who do apply themselves, do good in school, don't have five kids, yet graduate and can't find a job? Your an idiot is basically what I'm saying"
 "There are so many things wrong with your post that I barely know where to start. This is going to be long, so get comfy.  First, you clearly have never worked at someplace like mcdonalds, or any other thankless job with long shifts standing on your feet, constantly moving around and dealing with horrible customers, because anyone who has had a job like that would agree that they should pay a hell of a lot more than they do. It doesn't matter whether you see it as a worthwhile job or not. They're working hard to provide a service that people obviously want, and they should be paid a livable wage.   The reason they DON'T pay $15 an hour isn't because they shouldn't, it's because the companies can get away with it. These are seen as shit jobs that only desperate people stay in, and because those people are desperate, that's why they can't take a stand and demand better pay. Shit pay is better than no pay, and if you need money, you take what you can get.  This leads me to my final point about how your argument is invalid. How exactly is someone who's desperate enough to accept a full-time position for minimum wage supposed to get a better job? Take out a loan for college? Sure, that will work if they have some way to get by either without income or with less, and if they can actually get a degree that will guarantee them a job. Unfortunately, a lot of people are just scraping by with their jobs, so they can't let them go or cut their hours, and many states will not let you receive public assistance if you're in school. They say that if you can go to school, you can work...even if it's at one of those shitty jobs that doesn't pay you enough to live. Oh, and those degrees that guarantee you'll get a good paying job? They don't exist. Not anymore. There are some that are more usable than others, but if you don't have an aptitude for those specific careers, you're SOL. Even then, like I said, the degrees are more usable, but don't guarantee you a job.   As for applying for better jobs, those jobs require a degree. A lot of positions require some kind of degree, even if they don't care what kind of degree it is. Of course, there's no guarantee that getting a degree will get you that job, and some of them don't pay much better than minimum wage anyway.  As for talking to people about a better job...do you think that someone who had those kind of connections would actually still be in that kind of position? Really?"
 "I'm currently a home-schooled student, and I completely agree with you. There are a lot of great home-school environments out there, but I see a hell of a lot of kids that aren't getting proper education--sometimes none at all--or are being taught completely incorrect things.  In my area, the majority of home-schooled kids are being taught outside of schools for religious reasons. All of the good co-ops are all church-based, and about a good quarter of my science books are dedicated to 'giving proof on how evolution is wrong' or 'how science proves God's existence' (both of which are usually citing their sources as Bible verses). Religions are a person's right and all, but these poor kids aren't going to do well in any higher-level courses with a base like that!  Standardized tests every five years or so wouldn't be such a bad thing for home-schoolers in my opinion. It would allow the parents to teach however they want, yet still set a limit for how much a child should be learning at certain intervals.  I can't tell you how many times I've seen 'eighth graders' or 'upperclassmen' come to co-op in a huff because they pretty much flunked their Explore/ACT/SAT tests.  Also, standardized tests would probably help stop kids from 'grade hopping'. Just because you're a little ahead of (or just particularly good at) your grade level in one subject *does not mean* that you should just call yourself a junior when you're really a sophomore. Standardized tests would hopefully show them that they really aren't ready to skip a grade like that."
 "Plumbing isn't about the mean.  It's about the exception. It can work 999 our of a 1000 times. But if it goes wrong once (in this case 2 or 3 times) it can be thousands of dollars to fix."
 "\"French rifle for sale. Never fired and only dropped once.\"  And generally just using the French as the butt of any joke about surrendering and cowardice. "
 "Ring of fire style?"
 "My mother met David Beckham in Burger King many of years back and went up and asked for his autograph."
 "get married and have children"
 "Have some gold."
 "Don't invade Russia durring the winter."
 "Distinct possibility, but I give him so much attention already.   if I hold out a finger and call his name, he flies over and let's me pet him.  Budgie be weird.  BTW he is the inspiration for my username b/c he seems mechanical at times.   "
 "We're all on reddit aren't we?  I've probably dumped four or five books worth of commentary on all sorts of subjects into this place."
 "I don't think men can go \"topless all they want\". Unless you're at a beach, I think a lot of people would frown upon a guy running around with his shirt off."
 "Me taking directions literally would've totally done the same thing bro"
 "A second transparent eyelid. I want to be able to see in the water without my eyes stinging like a motherfucker"
 "I loved picture books as a child. When my sister was born, I was so excited to share my toys with her, but mostly I wanted to share my books. Every night after our bath, I would grab a book from the shelf and \"read\" to her. However, I was still too young to actually read, so I just retold the story from memory based on the pictures. "
 "I didn't know commas could indicate something so specific. Thanks for clarifying."
 "\"In other news, stab wounds proven to shorten life expectancy\""
 "talking with my bf."
 "(Assuming I'm stranded there forever?)  Mega Swiss Army knife, a Kindle, and a solar charger."
 "No. It looks ridiculous."
 "They are so goddamn beautifully simple when used correctly."
 "Let me go!"
 "Relevant username  Edit: relevant username or relevant reply to question?"
 "Stouffer's used to have a cheese and broccoli bake insta-meal sold in my local grocery store but now I have to approximate it with ingredients for less money and faster.  (but it's more bother)"
 "Spanish. Because my family is from Mexico and Puerto Rico. Plus I think Spanish is the sexiest of all languages"
 "Do what makes you happy."
 "What I find interesting about these images is that they focus on the ingenuity of man kind and the science of Earth. While these things are important, where's the passion? Art? Love? Aesthetics? I find all these images to be very sterile and some of them almost perplexing. So we've made contact, better give them several pictures of us eating...... where's the heart and soul in that?"
 "That includes parking, a storage unit and all bills except electricity and internet.  I was actually paying $435 at my old place ($500 after parking) but I wanted to be in a nicer building."
 "Low calorie fruit punch flavored with salty tears."
 "they are going to figure it out when you start showing. Rip the band-aid off now."
 "Too cold to walk from the parking garage to your venue here."
 "Oh I am. It's just that they could have probably cut it in half or more by going maybe 10 miles off campus. They all have cars so that small commute wouldn't be a problem. Over $3500 for a shitty 2 bedroom is a rip off"
 "Fucking hippie. \"Yay! America! Its ok to do the bare minimum! Lets make the rich people who fucking earn everything, take care of us against their will!\""
 "Which is a very valid point. I think the problem I have is when a job pays so little, you can't afford the time off to better yourself (by going to school or vocational training) in order to get a better job. This is why people use the term \"slave wages\". You're stuck in a cycle of poverty."
 "[.ie sai ](/r/lojban)"
 "In Oklahoma there is...  ...Oh, Christ, just skip Oklahoma."
 "It's a patriarchal conspiracy that ensures we have to buy purses."
 "Something based off your username"
 "Well you are few in number.  As I said it is only logical that they should have a potential to make more money.  "
 "Also, you just described being saddened by seeing people sad - that IS empathy. I'm not really understanding what else you could think it is?   The dictionary definiton of sympathy is as follows: a) The act or capacity for sharing and/or undrstanding the feelings of others. b) Mutual affection rising from a relationship between two people in which whatever affects one correspondingly affects the other. c) Compassion  Empathy is the ability to feel the pain of another. The definition ended there. It said nothing of compassion, caring, etc. It was described as simply being able to feel the pain of another.   Sympathy is what I described in my post. I talked about feeling sad when someone is suffering and attempting to ease their pain. I described compassion. Someone who acts on their compassion can attempt to understand their situation through talking. An act of compassion could range from a hug, advice, sitting down and talking to the suffering individual, etc. Whether or not what a person does is helpful doesn't measure their compassion. Their heart is in the right place, but their attempt was ineffective. If someone honestly tried their hardest to help someone, the attempt is what counts. If a person who is suffering wants fail-safe help, they should talk to someone who has been in their position before. *They* are the one who can help. I personally have a hard time feeling someone's pain. If I see someone who is experiencing hardships I have not faced, I have difficulty properly comforting them. I have to talk to them about their situation in order to understand their pain. Afterward, I attempt to give advice, comfort, etc. The only time I can easily understand someone else's pain is if I have experienced it myself.   I do not understand why you are attacking me. Not understanding someone's pain is not the same as not caring. You speak as if you think I am an uncaring, narcissistic person who thinks they are a saint for \"allowing themself to feel bad for someone.\" This is not accurate. While I admit that I have trouble undefrstanding people's feelings, I still try to understand. Having difficulty understanding a person's feelings doesn't mean the same thing as not caring about someone's feelings. I recognize that I have difficulty understanding others' pain, so I try harder to talk about their situation in an attempt to understand their pain. "
 "That I only have 20 minutes left at work and the next four days off :). "
 "Like purple, but bluer. "
 "Back pack, knife and a friend "
 "It's weird, where I am in the UK it's the other way around."
 "Yes, about 97% of them are trashy whores"
 "Jennifer Lawrence..."
 "Well, look at it on the bright side, it's a nice, quick way to filter out those with incompatible personalities."
 "A few suggestions: ----------------------------------------- 1. Upgrade our immune systems to make us \"immune\" to illnesses and disease; particularly chronic and terminal ones. NO ONE deserves to suffer in the miserable ways they do now.  2. Ability to a) Turn off hearing if I am having trouble sleeping due to outside noise  b) Turn off pain signals without need for drugs  c) Store excess nutrition that we get from food in an additional organ (like an \"energy bladder\" that activates to help us in times of starvation/malnutrition).  d) Stronger, more durable joints and muscles.  e) Elimination of genes that cause humans grief, like \"baldness\", or \"cerebal palsy\".  3. A \"confirm\" button-type option for pregnancy/conception. Your body tells you when the egg has been fertilised and whether or not you give permission for further embryonic developments.  P.S. How the hell could you sit back and let people suffer for hundreds of thousands of years before asking this question now?"
 "Go running for 5 hours?"
 "Nah I am on a keto diet and I have been for like 2 months almost. It was because I went to bed after over-eating I assume. I woke up a few hours after sleeping with the pain."
 "Virtual Families - My dream home."
 "I guess, I'm just the sort of person that find happiness in the small things around me. "
 "Well.... At least it all turned out okay :)"
 "Have a job."
 "Breedwell?  Yes. Yes I do. "
 "I just got an e-cig for christmas. The goal is to quit. My SO isnt a fan of it either."
 "X ray vision??   "
 "Just got off work early and wanted to gold you for your suggestion. I've been doing some more reading. Thank you so much.  Have a wonderful New Year and enjoy the Gold! :)"
 "Half of rowing is getting better and the other half is your teammates "
 "grumpy cat"
 "Maybe not no luck, you need to avoid any really bad luck certainly, but beyond that it's quite possible to make your own way if you're intentional about it and have the skills to set a goal and figure out the steps needed to achieve it.  You could spend 40 hours (over as many weeks as that takes) studying eBay prices for popular brands sold at TJ Maxx and Marshall's and you'd already be equipped to make several times minimum wage just by flipping goods from those stores. If you haven't fucked your credit you can get a credit card to get the first couple hundred bucks worth of stuff, if you don't have a couple hundred bucks available. That's just one of literally thousands of examples of how to get out of the minimum wage rut.  As I said before, not all of us are given the skills to do this, or even the skills to learn to do this (or really even the skills/disposition to desire to do this)."
 "Yes, and sometimes supply and demand isn't best. Sometimes supply and demand produces poor results.   That's the point of this thread. IS the labor market okay? Should something, if anything, be done about it?"
 "Have you tried clothes? "
 "Paying for medical care. "
 "Spent the day with my best friend. Unfortunately, she's hanging out with her other friends tonight :("
 "Self repairing teeth"
 "Grammaring,"
 "Where do you people love with no decent parents? It's really odd that I see so many stories where parents don't control their children. "
 "Recent research suggested that when we sleep, cells in our brains shrink so that toxins can get flushed out. suggest we get a more efficient brain-cleaning service, to get rid of sleep."
 "you're welcome!"
 "was she dead? "
 "Eminem terrified as daughter begins dating man raised on his music"
 "MacBook Wheel!"
 "DANCING QUEEEEEEN  It's not a filipino party if this isn't sung at least once."
 "I was 12 in North Carolina. Everyone was convinced things were going to shit at midnight, because you know, Merica.  I went to church with my grandmother and my cousins for a midnight service. I \"went to the bathroom\" around 11:50 and waited.    At midnight, I turned the lights out in the sanctuary.  "
 "Mine would be that North Korea actually do launch nukes, but nobody cares."
 "The second one is the broken windows theory applied to canines. Sudden disruption of usual order, disrupt further. Of course it's mostly reactionary bollocks."
 "/r/Esperanto "
 "Well you could use portals to plant the explosives at the very least, cmon."
 "Well, that's what I've been doing.  Sleeping mostly."
 "Dad. "
 "Airport line in France."
 "\"Iraq is developing weapons of mass destruction\" doesn't make that list?"
 "I only discovered it yesterday: www.desmos.com"
 "Bigger behaviour does tend to beget bigger behaviour, doesn't it? People are competitive. Oh, you're going to be the bigger person, are you? Oh yeah, out-big-person THIS shit! BOOM.   "
 "It's 55 degrees outside. I ain't got time for that."
 "Its true. Madtv was one of those shows that could have still be well recieved today.   Arden Myrin has so many good ones. This is a short example using and Bryan Callen were awesome!"
 "A relationship should be built upon a foundation of *wanting* each other to be around, not *needing* each other. When you make your entire lives about each other to the detriment of your relationships with other people you end up losing a lot of what made you attracted to each other in the first place. When the relationship breaks down, you end up having to figure out who you are again. If you feel like your relationship is causing you to miss out on other parts of your life, then it's probably not a healthy relationship. A person you want to be with long term should be someone that fits into your life, not someone you have to fit into your life.   Also, at least for me, it's not good to be with someone who is a carbon copy of yourself. I'm a very intense person who occasionally needs to have someone around to keep me grounded. When I was with my ex, we were both so intense and passionate about things that we would constantly fight due to our complete inability to compromise on anything. My current SO is very different from me in how she handles adversity and having a more optimistic person who is less prone to letting her stubbornness get in the way of doing what is right does wonders for balancing me out. It's better to be with someone who compliments you than it is to be with someone who is exactly like you. We hold the same core values of course, and that is very important as far as being compatible goes, but the way we go about dealing with life is very different and because of that we work together really well as a team. It's a wonderful thing to have someone around who adds to you as a human being. "
 "See a glacier in Alaska (if you get this far)"
 "People with no common sense...*sigh* A girl can dream. Also the guys on Instagram who take pictures of them biting their lip. They look like douche bags."
 "All the armchair economist are also ignoring the flaws in their own economics.  If you are going to live in a consumerist society, you need actual consumers.  Increasing concentration of wealth and wage stagnation for the rest has meant the pool of consumers is decreasing, which accelerates the issue.  Not only is it bad sociology, it's also bad economics.  But my thesis is the true purpose of economics is to justify accumulation of wealth by the wealthy.  And that still holds up."
 "If you're gonna do heroin, at least have musical talent."
 "I think it's pretty funny"
 "He called one month after I left him and told me to get tested. Worst wait of my life. "
 "But seriously, has anyone ever told you that you're a karma whore? "
 "every job should give you a livable wage, that being a wage that can grant you enough money to rent a roof over your head, feed and cloth yourself, give you healthcare and give you a reasonable social life.  I put those simply becouse shelter, food, health and a social life are all needed for a happy productive life.    the mentality that not every job should pay the same is misguided at best and deliberately stupid at worst.  If you earn the same as everyone else then you could literally go and do whatever job brought you the most happiness.  And to some people, they would go and do the jobs we dont like becouse they like that kind of job.  I know binmen who empty rubbish.  they like it becouse it gets them out in the fresh air and they hate being office bound. like everything else, just becouse you dont like doing something, it doesnt mean everyone doesnt like doing it.    And for those people who think a burger flipper at macdonalds isnt worth the same as say, an IT specialist, can i just say the IT specialist doesnt clean toilets and floors, cook burgers/fries and a variety of other stuff, hump packaging around and act as the face of your company for thousands of people a month.  the worth of someone being a friendly company face is massive, possibly more than an It specialist when it comes to sales figures and making money for the company.   And why does having a university degree mean you should earn more than someone who doesnt? what happened to learning a subject becouse you like the subject? try working to be a better human being, not a better earner and you see every job should pay enough to live on."
 "Those things fucking hurt my feet.  I had blisters.  Thanks, Santa..."
 "Lost a fair bit of my baby weight."
 "Single lane queue  multilane queue.  Some large stores here are starting to implement that which is nice.  I think this is the standard in the UK as well.  Also related, person behind you has 1 item, you have a shopping cart full.  Let the 1 item person go in front of you."
 "It's one of te signs of the apocalypse."
 "Oh naughty naughty, now I found you. "
 "God"
 "Took a sharp left turn going 70 MPH. I warned my passengers that I was going to take the upcoming turn without touching the brake. I heard no objections, so I did it and nearly flipped the car. They didn't think I was serious."
 "It some areas it's even legal to break into a car to release an animal."
 "Pacific Rim.  Mainly because I live next to the Atlantic, and it would just be awesome to see all those real monster battles on TV."
 "Become an animator "
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "This is why it is but not why people think it should be. "
 "Use of the word 'myriad'."
 "My brand new puppy learned to shit outside."
 "Got my first job :)"
 "She probably meant \"toughen up\"  Usually parents don't want to hear \"i'm doing x\" they want to hear \"i FINISHED x\" so when you finish learning to code and get a really good job she will then be proud. I guarantee it!  good luck until then"
 "If the manager tell the customer they have too many items, the customer will write an email to corporate and the manager will be reprimanded/fired."
 "Always check your car parts are correct and a match for what you need before installing."
 "Well, I'm guessing they don't really feel much there anymore."
 "Detroit. Gotta be Detroit."
 "Hope nobody dies this year. = /"
 "\"Son of a bitch.\""
 "Don't stare and you should be okay. We're doing it to you too. "
 "If you mandate every company to pay a liveable wage then the companies would not be able to afford more employees. There would be even less jobs.  Many small businesses cannot afford extra workers, will go out of business, decreasing tax revenue.  Less tax revenue = less unemployment insurance.    I think it's better to work and make 20k/year than not work at all and get 0 (or close to that with terrible UI)"
 "I remember the day i read the article that brougth up that number, i am pretty sure i threw up a little in my mouth. But yes as they sit on these dragon hordes of money and never investing any back, but they get mad when we are running out of  money to give them , and wonder why we are asking for more money."
 "\"Dennis asshole, why Charlie hate?\""
 "Yep. The people who built the pyramids were actually paid workers."
 "And my hand is bleeding, I don't know why. "
 "When my parents filled for bankruptcy they considered TV, phones, pets and newspapers as requirements and not a luxury. It may depend on the state as to what is considered a luxury or not."
 "The entire United States of America? "
 "What really drives me nuts is people cutting the outside turn too tight.  If I'm next to someone who I've seen driving like an ass, I ride right next to them, just on my side of the line.  I'll even dive exactly parallel to them just for kicks if I'm really bored.  I love pissing off douchebags."
 "new ringtone"
 "Nothing.  I moved to a new city, and I'm too old to find a new connection."
 "Sonys new goddamn piece of shit that doesn't do the fucking thing its supposed to.  "
 "Enjoy the gold."
 "Haha that's even worse!!  My high school was very old fashioned - is what we had in my chemistry room lol"
 "It's really scary how classicist Reddit can be. Some of you take your pseudo-libertarian philosophies a bit too far and think your ideas are great because you read them in Freakonomics.   Take a step back and remember that it's *people* that you are talking about. I'm not sure why you guys think it's okay for companies like Wal-mart and McDonalds to only pay enough to full time workers that those workers need to go on welfare. Why is that okay? Some of you seem to think that having a bed, food and a roof constitutes \"liveable\". You forget things like access to *quality* healthcare or access to education to better themselves. Phones aren't really a luxury as they provide ways of getting a job, paying bills etc.   If you are currently a college student, I think it's difficult for you to speak on this subject as you have very little experience in the real world. "
 "Does anyone know of any online streaming for the New Years Celebration in Time Square, New York but for US West Coast time? "
 "Hi there! It looks like you're needing assistance of some sort. AskReddit is for thought-provoking discussion and therefore may not be suitable for what you are looking for.  **Please use one of these subreddits:**   - Need advice? /r/needadvice or /r/relationship_advice   - Cant remember something? /r/TipOfMyTongue    - Looking for a particular subreddit? /r/findareddit.   Otherwise if these don't fit your needs, check out the [multireddits in our which cover almost every topic imaginable, thanks!  If you feel this was removed in error, please [contact the    *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "That would work in a perfect world, unfortunately this is the real world and there is an uneven playing field that has been groomed to favor whites in the U.S."
 "."
 "I have a yellow lab and when I got home from seeing that movie I hugged her. What a difficult movie to watch"
 "Am...am I doing it"
 "everyone peels bananas wrong"
 "I don't think it happened, he's full of crap"
 "One broken, bloody dick"
 "Hah, I'm a mathematician, and even you sailors have no idea how to do "/r/asl "
 "Maggots."
 "My tiny yorkie can't muster a growl to save her life, so it comes out more like \"buzz, buzz.\" Cutest thing ever."
 "Probably Latin, so I have a basic knowledge of French, Spanish, Italian, Portuguese, and many other languages."
 "Between a 7 and 10 the last 18 hours.  Even when in between contractions its still pretty uncomfortable.    Honestly in a less developed country it probably would have killed me. So... there's that."
 "Yeah, many full time jobs that pay minimum also don't require a degree. If you want to make more, you should become better trained. The ROI on a degree is better than almost any investment you'll ever make. After putting in $25k over 4 years to pay for school, I couldn't imagine making less than $50k/annual now. I was recently laid off and went from 80k to 65k, so took a cut, but if you have a degree and can't make a liveable wage, you should really look at relocating."
 "Yeah, I always wondered why God put the snack bar so close to the outhouse."
 "I actually have acquired one Kazakh friend in my life lol.  Apparently the girls are noice ;)"
 "No. I don't find what I'm wearing matters much when it comes to attracting the sorts of guy I'm actually interested in.  When you dress all sexy, it attracts the sleazebags. "
 "I can get that. He's definitely an interesting/fun character. "
 "I had a Jack Russell that would only eat off of carpets. He'd take a mouthful of food, carry it to the nearest carpet, and start eating. Nobody munched carpets like he did."
 "Not funny. "
 "And LA doesn't..."
 "This!!! -- "
 "Ju 'hoansi. I started a few years ago from a random high school language conference I went to. Four different types of clicks in this sub-Saharan language! Half an inch of mouth roof space could make the difference between mourning and talking about bananas."
 "Actually, start on portuguese. It's a little bit harder, but then spanish and italian are way easier to learn. Alm disso,  uma lngua maravilhosa."
 "I don't know what the other drivers in the traffic circle are going to do either. :("
 "What is your least realistic goal for 2014?"
 "Executive pay is up in large part because profits are up and profits aren't up because companies are wringing every possible penny from their minimum wage workforce, but because of markets opening up in Brazil, Russia, China, India, the Middle East, and Africa which has opened up billions of new consumers."
 "Thank you so much! Let me know what you think!"
 "Oklahoma?"
 "When the government strikes out important or confidential information on a document, they black it out."
 "I literally die every time I see Pacific examples off bad English. "
 "3: English, Mandarin Chinese, and Esperanto."
 "The minute you know that it's not working  you're just sticking around because you have no better prospects or to not hurt the other persons' feelings, GTFO. Life is way to damn short to waste, and once you DO find the one you were meant to be with, you'll kick yourself for wasting that time on the one you knew was not it."
 "I said that in moxxie's voice from Borderlands, she does it too"
 "\"everytime I hear a story like that it makes me glad I am exempt from thje legal system\" - ~~White Photogenic~~ Rich News Reporter"
 "Reddit."
 "Mine is probably when i order food for delivery, and then they forget one thing. I get really mad but always am too lazy to call back again."
 "Armageddon. My boyfriend and I watched this on one of our first dates. It's action and romance all in one- plus Bruce Willis !  "
 "What's blue? I can only see grey."
 "Getting out of a new/strange car to see which side the gas cap is on. There is a little arrow on the dash of most cars. "
 "The reason we have minimum wage is because supply and demand isn't best.  Humans are generous enough to provide welfare for other humans so they can at least meet basic necessities for moral reasons."
 "Like green, but with less yellow."
 "Let me take out his brother drinking then I would know what type of guy my Daughter is trying to date."
 "Sleeping"
 "Unless we got God to change the synthesis to 37C!"
 "That moment when you start fighting over who gets to sleep."
 "They'll like it no matter what.  I don't fucking know, take them out for breakfast?  Get engaged?"
 "That's reality. If you can't afford a house you don't buy one. If you can't afford to go to a restaurant you eat in. If you can't afford to raise a kid, you don't have one. All of those are just the way real life is unless you're irresponsible, of course. "
 "That is an inappropriate use of rape, in my opinion. Losing at football isn't really a fair comparison. "
 "Be thankful for each and every moment you have, good or bad. "
 "Sitting at home with the hubby drinking some bubbly, throwing the dog's frisbee for him, and listening to some bluegrass. "
 "Socially interacting. "
 "You need to [read on some things before you comment.  As an aside - I am not circumcised and I last quite a long time. Fucking for a couple of hours without cumming might seem cool but not when it's always like that. I shudder to think how long it would have taken me to cum if I was circumcised..."
 "Girl: Baby, can you give me a ride? Guy: No i'm not in the mood. "
 "It's the NSA!"
 "It depends. On the time of the month, what I've eaten and had to drink, etc."
 "Awarding **1** point for honesty."
 "I think some of the advice I see given is too specific.  Learning what it takes to wind yourself down is different person to person..  Reading good books doesn't work at all for me.  It's far too exciting!  Doing boring things doesn't work for me... it's infuriating and it's hard to sleep when you're angry.     You need a comfortable activity to lull you into the right state. "
 "As far as brain function goes, the first thing to \"go\" when you drink is your ability to reason. So basically, drinking and driving doesn't seem stupid at the time, it seems like a perfectly good idea. Often people will wake up the next morning and say, \"Man, i thought i was OK at the time, but that probably wasn't a good idea.\"  source: learned this the hard way :( "
 "The one I'm having right now. Been working on an essay for the past four or five days. My family has gone to my cousin's or parties. My friends are all back home. I'm in the house alone. I finished my essay and looked at the time: it was bang on midnight. Texted my friends happy new years. Half of them replied, excluding the one person I actually wanted to text me (funny how that always happens) and now I'm reddit. Again. "
 "Moved my reply below the top level: 2011/2012. I was minding my kid and my friend's kid so my friend, who had just gone through a break-up, could have an epic night. I went to bed early because I felt like shit, and knocking back some drinks hadn't helped. Sleep it off, all good. WRONG. Because the two little shits decided to tag-team all fucking night, one waking up every 30-45 minutes. And both got up at too-fucking-early a.m."
 "The toilet paper fallacy.   \"this 4 pack is .50 a roll, only $2. But the 30 pack is .40 a roll. But it's $12. I'll just buy the 4 pack this time, I've only got $20.\" DON'T do this. Apply this logic to every purchase. Most grocery stores have a \"per unit\" measurement on the barcode on the shelf. Use this. Also, always always always double check. If you see something you want/need, but are unsure of if it's a fair price, note it, check online, and buy the cheaper. Also, if you want something on impulse, don't buy it. Put it on a wishlist and see if it goes on sale or if you even want it in a week. "
 "I love that she carries her beat down frisbee everywhere. She won't even get into the bath without it, and if she doesn't see it, it's pure panic mode. She's a mini pit bull who looks super mean but the word frisbee? She's on it."
 "What if I told you past inequality breeds present inequality"
 "That's the word for TV,  schauen is to watch"
 "A boat, gas and a gps"
 "When I read the thing about MLP, I thought you were a guy dating girls. Then I realized..."
 "Usually I'd believe this but my dad is so bad and deficient with technology he would never understand reddit, let alone be able to find it. Nice try dad."
 "To be fair, OP only asked for the headlines."
 "Thats why i hate playing mmorpg's. Its so fucking boring."
 "I did this as a teenager, and it was the biggest hygiene / aesthetic change next to using a clean pillow case for acne (which I totally discovered for myself like eight years before reddit figured out the towel thing).  I was very athletic as a teenager, but I had a pot belly that never seemed to go away, and it fell right off when I quit soda. Once I stopped for a while, I noticed I've had a hard time drinking it since. It just feels too sugary and too heavy on my stomach anymore.  In addition to soda though, I eventually stopped eating pretty much anything I perceive to have little to no nutritional value. Once in a great while I'll indulge in some sort of desert, but it's rare. Most sweet cake-like things are basically nothing but fat, sugar, and a little carbs, which I'd much rather get from a well balanced sandwich that has vegetables, whole grains, and like 20 - 30 grams of protein in it."
 "I spent my New Years on reddit, happy new year. What about you?"
 "So people didn't have to take responsibility for their own actions, now you can blame it all on a god."
 "Apologies if already posted but: Gay wads, Dork wads sign historic \"wad accord\"..."
 "I always liked Jethros stage name from the Beverly Hillbillys  BEEF JERKY"
 "The plane taking my unit to pull M.F.O. duty in the Sinai. It used just about the whole runway on liftoff at every stop. Things get worse when we hear \"holy fuck the engine is on fire\" when we get airborne, happened twice. Bad flight for us ends up a horrible fucking disaster when the unit we relieved crash shortly after takeoff in Gander NF. They flew back on the same plane. 253 Died."
 "Not over here they don't... &lt;.&lt;... .... (Okay I meant for when New Years comes by)"
 "Condor Bush Cutlass. Closest I could get to a pirate sword."
 "Land lines are pretty expensive now-a-days. At least where I live. When I first moved into this apartment, I looked around at cable/land line/internet prices and both of the companies in my area will not sell just a land line anymore. If you want a land line, you have to bundle it together with a cable package. "
 "Kristen Bell.  "
 "Steady as she goes, matey. Swab the poop deck."
 "Indeed. I'd argue that wages are kept as low as the market will bear, because why pay more when trying to max profits."
 "A line from The Matrix, only works after a silent fart.  \"You think thats AIR you're breathing?\""
 "I'm in the middle of a life-changing resolution, ad would hate to have to start all over because it's the new year. "
 "Im new to reddit, I am aware of reddit in the boston bombing, but what are you referring to when you say we can.get accused of crimes over reddit, this is a mistake I would like to avoid."
 "I see, right.  People are probably used to 'Christian' being used for everything Christianity - noun, verb, follower, religion - and applying it to Islam out of ignorance of the proper terminology."
 "I uh... I checked everything, even under my bed, which is on the floor."
 "Working 12-16 hour days doesnt leave you much time to make sandwiches.  Let alone theres usually no way to refrigerate the stuff.  On top of that, often there isnt a grocery store within 50km."
 "Anyone smell popcorn?"
 "you say tomato, i say crack cocaine, everyone has their opinion"
 "There are some smells that really aren't \"JUST\" a smell... there are some smells that will force me to leave a room because they are so unpleasant. It's like my entire brain just says GO!!! I'm a super-smeller too, but I'm not sure if that's an element. "
 "It has helped me and many of my patients. Like /u/Malician stated you may have to titrate your melatonin intake to get it right. Start with sub milligram levels and work up. It may take a week to find the right amount. It is shown to help with sleep cycle shift disorders. The study I read used a full 3 mg dosages, but I find that it can be too much for people and they can get rebound insomnia and even get a hangover type effect if they take too much.  Good luck!"
 "I always tend to say \"That was such a *pun*ishment\" whenever someone says a bad pun."
 "Chewing with your mouth open. I mean come on!"
 "Oh, don't worry you don't seem naive. Thanks so much! I was hoping it didn't seem like i was expecting a fairy-tale, because im certainly not. Best regards to you and your future :)"
 "Keep in mind that confinement of slavery was essentially condemnation, or at least it seemed that way to many slaveholders. A lot of southern soil was exhausted by the mid 1850's, yields were down in many parts of the Old South and no real efforts were made to regenerate the soil. It was to the point where it was not uncommon for slaveholders in Virginia to sell a large amount of slaves to areas with less burdened soil. If slavery as an institution was not allowed to spread to new areas it would  exhaust itself. Pair this with the fact that Lincoln had in the past made it public that he considered slavery a moral injustice, many slaveholders figured Lincoln was coming for their slaves (regardless of his actual intentions) I'm not trying to be an argumentative dick, just figured the topic needed a little more expansion. If your interested, I first heard about degeneration of antebellum southern soil reading Fateful Lightning by Alan C. Guelzo, a fantastic read to anyone interested in the Civil War. "
 "Probably would have served his purpose better to not leave out the \"r\" in \"first\"."
 "I don't know. A lot of bad shit happened that was my fault, but the highs were so high I don't know whether I would risk losing those moments, and a lot of the bad, stupid stuff lead directly into those better days. So I guess no, but I might change my mind later tonight."
 "Opening new tabs (MIDDLE CLICK PEOPLE!!), Scrolling (SCROLL WHEEL PEOPLE!), Opening programs (DONT CLICK AND PRESS ENTRE, DOUBLE CLICK!)"
 "As someone who grew up in a homophobic household, I was taught to *hate* gays. As I grew older, I developed my own opinions and realized I have nothing against them, they are normal people, no more different than anyone else, I think nothing of it. But I really cannot stand the feminine one's, I honestly think it is %100 for attention. If you are gay, be gay, but don't claim to want to be a *normal* part of society than throw giant parades every year pointing out your a homosexual; I wouldn't throw a parade jusy because I'm white... I know it's a pride thing, but don't rub it in. That's not to say all feminine homosexuals do this, but it really bugs me, I want everyone to accept people for who they are, not what they like, and I feel Gay-pride parade only hurts gays in the long run. Be free, who you are! Not someone/something you're not for attention."
 "it's just minor things that are different  Syntax, primarily."
 "Don't be so sure you'd be clear.  I hope you keep records.  Being white would help, too."
 "Friends with Benefits."
 "My owner, a milk bone, and a tennis ball. That would work right?"
 "That stems from romanticized tales during the 19th century if I remember correctly. But the Celts actually wore horned helmets."
 "I work at a movie theater and so many people dont understand the cell phone rule \"Ma'am your going to have to put your cell phone away\" \"Oh I'm just texting, the movie isn't that interesting\" \"Well it bothers the people behind you\" \"Why would they be looking at my phone?\"  EDIT: Idk how to format :/"
 "Lose weight and nofap"
 "/r/hylian "
 "Here comes treble."
 "2006 UCLA vs USC  UCLA fan, and going into that game as a huge underdog against a #2 USC that was expected to be compete for a national title the fourth time in as many years. UCLA instead held USC to only 9 points (the first time that happened in over 60 games for USC) and won 13-9.  [This bit though, when both benches were cleared during a stop in the game had an incredible energy to it, though I can't offhand find video of the whole thing, just a few seconds of it."
 "what does that even mean, though?"
 " exHentai  thanks. that's 7 hours I don't want back. a bit sore though"
 "Jennifer Lawrence. :)"
 "Its funny because none of the movies/tv shows portray this portion of sex at all.  When they're done they just go about their day, no cleanup needed. "
 "Hugs from your dad. You fought for and deserved those."
 "Not *should* we or *when should* we, but how is the question."
 " Why is there a mentality that not every full time job should present a liveable wage?  Because not every full time job was meant to make a living at!   Why can't people understand that? You're not supposed to make a living  at \"dead end jobs\"-- i.e., jobs where you're handing out donuts and lattes all day, folding clothes, or delivering pizza! You're just *not.* You're supposed to make a living at a \"real job\" in the sense of a job that's part of a career or profession where there's a reasonable expectation of a decent salary and longtime employment, along with promises of bonuses, raises and promotions along the way.   Dead end jobs have never fit that criteria. They have always been filled by people looking only for temporary work and supplementary income for whatever reason, be it students, the elderly, or the stay at home mom needing extra cash, or someone who's trying to enter the workforce and hoping to get some referrals to help them get a better job. Not filled by people trying to support a family or put food on the table!  It's because of the nature of these jobs that is the reason why they've never paid a \"living wage\" and never will. You don't pay living wages out for jobs that most people aren't looking to make a living at, anyway, and that very few people have the expectation of sustaining themselves on."
 "I'm going to be on here, drinking coffee.... Wondering where my life went. What sucks about serious depression, is what would bring me out of it is a healthy relationship with a women. But what women is going to be drawn to a depressed guy? Kinda a catch22 I guess. I'll change all that and make 2014 better!! "
 "not everyone enjoys a toxic box."
 "I was on a flight one time and this black lady in front of me turned around and told me to stop kicking her seat. I wasn't even kicking her seat and I was very gassy during that flight. So I decided to released my fumes and  throw them at the lady in front of me. After farting a few times and throwing them at her she started to spray her perfume."
 "Everything I own is legal. I wouldn't get on any watchlists that I'm not already on.  "
 "Don't drink heavily."
 "they're job really is to just get accounts, and collect money.        A lot of the time they're doing that but also are the ones who plan the landscape designs and consult with the property owners. It's the same in other trades, the one with the experience makes the deals, puts the clients at ease and figures out what they actually want, and takes care of the logistics of getting it done. "
 "Ask her out again.  And again.  And again.  Until she gives in."
 "I'm super surprised by this thread. Bunch of people who are pretty much heartless."
 "Guns."
 "I might have some Baileys that's been laying around the house. But I plan to intoxicate myself with marijuana instead of alcohol."
 "Won't they be excited since you didn't abort the baby?"
 "Sploosh!"
 "Not sure if being facetious, the point is obviously to minimize the number of things the cashier must ring up, if you have multiple of the same thing, the cashier only needs to ring up one of them and hit the number there are on the register"
 "Maybe you're elbow is better than mine, but i cover about jackshit when i use my elbow"
 "Because you get individuals who make 20k but have 4 kids. People have kids when they cannot afford them."
 "Sleep is taken, so I'm going to say that you miss being able to go out without scheduling it. Then, the entire time you're out you want to go back and check on the little one."
 "He just wants to be loved !"
 "Being Lucky"
 "I cannot stand the half windsor. It's lopsided and it conveys a sense of an unbalanced person. I insist on the full windsor, or I get very cranky."
 "With English and German I can speak with pretty much everyone in North America  I am not so sure about the Southwest"
 "A boat, a phone, and a penguin"
 "*stares you down* You win this time..."
 "To be fair, this is proper roundabout procedure in some places.      France uses many roundabouts (ronds-points). Traditional French-style roundabouts are signposted by a round blue sign, and drivers inside the roundabout have to yield to incoming traffic (which comes from their right).  "Spoiler is what happens"
 "Because budget.  Plus, the idea is that a hospital charges a lot and then insurance negotiated it down."
 "Hmm, well from the perspective of somebody who was born to rich parents, always lived in a rich community, and worked a minimum wage job...I don't expect to ever work a minimum wage job again, but I fully believe that it should be raised. After studying some economics, I've come to realize that countries with the largest income distribution have more and longer recessions. Simply being, the poorest will always spend their money more rapidly than the rich will spend the same amount of money (Ex. 1 person will spend 1 million slower than 1000 people will spend $1000). Our economy would benefit from a lower income distribution gap, as that is completely unsustainable, and it appears to be getting worse. Economically, the whole country would benefit from a change like this over time (Minimum wage should be increased slowly, not doubled instantly. Prices do not adjust that quickly, so this change should be implemented slowly.)  Now, after explaining the economics side of it, I'll discuss some personal opinions. Many minimum wage jobs are not as easy and simple as some people may think. My father made me take one simply to experience its hardships. It can be physically and psychologically challenging. Now I know this isn't true for many workers that do not have any integrity for their work, however, putting real effort in requires quick thinking, social skills, memorization, constant situational awareness, attention, and etc. Many people I know who worked at minimum wage jobs only worked there because of extenuating circumstances. Given the chance, most would jump at the opportunity to get a degree and get a cushy office job somewhere. This leads me to believe that a lot of the people who work minimum wage jobs deserve to be paid better.  Now you might ask: But what about the people who don't deserve a better wage? With a higher minimum wage, employers are going to be a lot pickier about the people they hire. They need people to do their jobs efficiently. With a low minimum wage, their workers can do half-assed jobs and still be profitable/valuable. They might not be as valuable as a dedicated worker, but the screening process doesn't need to be as intense. With a higher minimum wage, workers will be chosen more carefully and watched to be efficient. Managers and bosses will be much more likely to fire someone lazy and incompetent, whereas it might be too much effort to right now (Less applications for jobs with lower minimum wage, hard to seek people, need people to seek THEM for jobs).  TL;DR Overview of some facts and personal opinion. Minimum wage increase, economy increase, less recessions, and screening processes.  Feel free to disagree and call me out. I never said I was an expert, and I never say that I'm always correct. I simply enjoy putting my opinion out there because if someone disagrees, I can open my mind."
 "My dog believes that I am his pillow and my pillows are his. It's cute."
 "Which is what they will be spending every month on food, diapers, clothes, etc. So they can pay it one time or several times a year."
 "Not only did I spill their blood, I saved it in mason jars and routinely bathe myself in it."
 "I agree why would you want to fuck your dad now"
 "If they bit you you would spill your own blood."
 "I suppose so."
 "Then when will we Lucid Dream?"
 "What is Your worst experience?"
 "/r/learnDothraki "
 "Honestly one of the best, well thought out posts on Reddit...nicely done"
 "Must be your phone ye, works for me."
 "Nipples sliced off with pictures of nips and stitches."
 "I'm trying to get into running.  When I take Odin he literally stops to smell the roses. And lots of other things too. Helps to remind me that there's more to the ordeal than just getting some exercise. "
 "Myriad can be an adjective or a noun. Neither is the right way."
 "It voids the warranty."
 "Proper HDTV calibration seems to be something most average customers haven't caught on to yet.  "
 "Eatting pizza backwards"
 "Mexico. We have quite a few problems, but I feel that many of them could be solved if we as a nation addressed out fixation on corruption. "
 "Thanks."
 "asdf"
 "Because we are in a hurry and not lazy. There are not always stairs at every station. "
 "You! I like you!"
 "As long as you're not mashing her fingers into paste, you should be fine."
 "sounds awesome, have fun."
 "World domination"
 "Her close friend told me out of pity. They saw me how hard I want to work it out and my mind just ain't clicking why it wouldn't work out. Her friends want me out of the sinkhole and I'm very thankful for them."
 "Oh man this annoys the shit out of me. *Especially* when people doing it going *down*! Seriously? You're THAT lazy that you can't walk *down* the stairs?"
 "Be a better girlfriend this time around.   (Learn from my past mistakes)"
 "Just be brave and tell them. It's going to get out sooner or later and if you do tell them sooner, they'll appreciate that at least. Congratulations on the baby :) "
 "If they drift across, would it be the drifter at fault or the person who was already in the lane in the case of a collision?"
 "finally learn how to play piano. and learn how to NAIL IT.   happy new year, everyone!"
 "Got better from my surgery."
 "Ok"
 "Don't be a dick. "
 "Have you tried women's clothes outside?"
 "This applies to other things as well. People should let a room clear before entering. I teach high school and my new class tries to enter into the classroom before the current class has fully exited, which causes a big issue at the door. Granted, I don't know how much of that is just being a teenager."
 "This all assumes a level playing field, where wages, conditions, and the cost of living are the same, in the same currency, and assumes free and unfettered movement of labor. With outsourcing to 3rd world countries this is nowhere near the case."
 "One factor that's difficult to model, but important nonetheless, is that market forces do reward innovation. As the price for labour goes up, businesses will fail who continue to use their old models optimized around the previous wage levels. Other businesses will look at how to restructure to get the most out of higher-paid employees.  Costco, for example, is often trotted out as a great example of an employer that reaps the rewards from paying its employees well in wages + benefits. Tool  die is another job which completely changed after its extremely cheap labour pool was legislated out of existence, and is now a well-paying prestigious career option.   In general it does proceed as you describe, but there are definitely exceptions."
 "Giving reddit gold to the first person in the thread to mention it. "
 "Because parents cannot/are not supposed to teach other subjects that are taught in schools?  How many of your friends could balance a fucking checkbook, estimate car payments, or balance a personal budget? The vast majority are completely ignorant.  Too many BS subjects are forced on students in secondary education than is necessary. I would prefer specialized secondary schools for occupations for which they can qualify and not some generic \"cure-all\" band-aid that is supposed to cover nearly every subject except those needed to realistically survive  prosper.  Secondary Schools/Education: Is generally known as high school in the US/CA."
 "baby oil is really just mineral oil with fragrance or aloe or something, so you can definitely get it without fragrance. "
 "Hey I'm pregnant and I know who the dad is."
 "As a lifelong MA resident I have to say I have nearly died several times from asshats in a Lexus or BMW over the junker. "
 "Gallifreyan. "
 "Holy shit.  THANK YOU."
 "Actually, bading means lesbian."
 "Pretty sure I was the person your sister let in... I was so annoyed lol"
 "Because highschool and college students should have those jobs and then move on after they graduate.  Adults shouldn't work at McDonald's their whole life unless they are in corporate or whatnot.  "
 "Where did you spend new years?  I spent mine at Apollo Bay, at the beach. "
 "That wasn't quite what I was going for, and as you're a minor I won't take the discussion any further."
 "Karma whores.. "
 "Hmm, well from the perspective of somebody who was born to rich parents, always lived in a rich community, and worked a minimum wage job...I don't expect to ever work a minimum wage job again, but I fully believe that it should be raised. After studying some economics, I've come to realize that countries with the largest income distribution have more and longer recessions. Simply being, the poorest will always spend their money more rapidly than the rich will spend the same amount of money (Ex. 1 person will spend 1 million slower than 1000 people will spend $1000). Our economy would benefit from a lower income distribution gap, as that is completely unsustainable, and it appears to be getting worse. Economically, the whole country would benefit from a change like this over time (Minimum wage should be increased slowly, not doubled instantly. Prices do not adjust that quickly, so this change should be implemented slowly.)  Now, after explaining the economics side of it, I'll discuss some personal opinions. Many minimum wage jobs are not as easy and simple as some people may think. My father made me take one simply to experience its hardships. It can be physically and psychologically challenging. Now I know this isn't true for many workers that do not have any integrity for their work, however, putting real effort in requires quick thinking, social skills, memorization, constant situational awareness, attention, and etc. Many people I know who worked at minimum wage jobs only worked there because of extenuating circumstances. Given the chance, most would jump at the opportunity to get a degree and get a cushy office job somewhere. This leads me to believe that a lot of the people who work minimum wage jobs deserve to be paid better.  Now you might ask: But what about the people who don't deserve a better wage? With a higher minimum wage, employers are going to be a lot pickier about the people they hire. They need people to do their jobs efficiently. With a low minimum wage, their workers can do half-assed jobs and still be profitable/valuable. They might not be as valuable as a dedicated worker, but the screening process doesn't need to be as intense. With a higher minimum wage, workers will be chosen more carefully and watched to be efficient. Managers and bosses will be much more likely to fire someone lazy and incompetent, whereas it might be too much effort to right now (Less applications for jobs with lower minimum wage, hard to seek people, need people to seek THEM for jobs).  TL;DR Overview of some facts and personal opinion. Minimum wage increase, economy increase, less recessions, and screening processes.  Feel free to disagree and call me out. I never said I was an expert, and I never say that I'm always correct. I simply enjoy putting my opinion out there because if someone disagrees, I can open my mind."
 "There's also one for your phone, and you can buy filters or glasses if you have a TV or lights which interfere.  (Or get different lights for your bedroom.)"
 "1. Wings. 2. No nipples on males. Replace with peniss. "
 "What are you expecting?"
 "Subscribed!"
 "No one for my girl Rachel Weisz?"
 "Sorry - are you saying it's illegal in the UK unless they're a celeb?  Or that because he's a celeb the BBC forgot what the law was and published this by accident.  There is no law in the UK that prevents the publication of names of those accused of sex crimes.  [How about this "I believe the natural rate of unemployment is something in the range of 3-5%."
 "When the moss is blowing and you barely have to row your pirogue. "
 "As much as I wanted to to date way back to WWII it was founded in 1988, link to "Hm, this is an interesting one.. Is there a story behind this? "
 "You need help"
 "Considering that productivity has more than doubled since the 40 hour work week was established, I don't think it's reasonable at all.  When is all this advanced technology going to let us start having some more significant leisure time as a society?"
 "You are welcome. "
 "Super PACs aren't really hiding... all contributions have to be recorded..."
 "You know you can freeze bread and it'll keep in there indefinitely so if you do see bread on sale and your freezer has room, grab an extra loaf. "
 "No one said it was easy. Also who the hell are you to say the American Dream isn't real? That is straight up insulting that you say that. It certainly is possible to do exactly what said. I did it and so have many others. The American Dream is a reality its just you have to work your ass off for it. "
 "Yeah, at least make them able to grow back more than once. "
 "Your comment doesn't invalidate his point. "
 "Alcohol impairs your judgment, so often a drunk person honestly believes they are OK to drive and besides, it's \"only a few blocks/miles down the road\".  Then there's the fact that you don't want to pay/wait for a cab or leave your car at the bar or wherever or crash on a friend's couch because you just want to sleep in your own bed.  They don't usually have malicious / reckless intentions, it's just that they can't make good decisions and will go to quite some length to justify their behavior."
 "Bite my fingernails. Well I never really tried stopping before and I don't bite them so short that it hinders me."
 "More than 100 million speakers, all in rich countries. Seem important enough."
 "Yikes. Or not at all!"
 "I'm my own worst enemy."
 "Imagine if this is actually God but everyone automatically thinks its a joke."
 "I'm so using this."
 "So nothing too ambitious then?"
 "In my experience, by and large it IS wealthy people arguing for higher taxes and welfare and people making less than $15/hour arguing to keep minimum wage low--exceedingly poor states with huge populations making minimum wage are invariably bright red.  Honestly my problem with the analysis isn't what was said (everything was spot on) it was what wasn't said. Specifically that the lower and middle classes drive something like 85% of local demand. Sure if you doubled the minimum wage unemployment would take a hit... but at the exact same time there would be a HUGE spike in demand due to a large percentage of the population suddenly acquiring a huge amount of disposable income each month. By definition that demand would push the demand curve necessitating an increase in supply and requiring either more automation/optimization or (more likely at least in the short term) more employees.  TL;DR Making a decision to pay ALL minimum wage workers more is almost always a no-brainer win-win for everyone. Making a decision to personally pay YOUR minimum wage employees more than the market price for those employees is just hurting your competitiveness.   EDIT: Tack on a floating tariff for each country based on THEIR minimum wage (IE Europe/Canada/Japan/etc pays next to no tariff because their minimum wage would be comparable to ours; Chinese/Malaysian/Myanmar/etc products get slapped with HUGE tariffs to account for the difference in labor prices...) and honestly you'd probably be safe to triple the minimum wage tomorrow.  "
 "Y'all like dubstep, no?"
 "Spending more time off of reddit.  I know it sounds dangerous but you'll see how much more there is outside of your computer."
 "Boat, gas, a woman."
 "Peeling a banana! Pinch the butt end and peel it apart from the bottom. Eliminates the risk of breaking the stem off of the top and having to pry it open with your fingernails."
 "he better not be cheating on me, because i trust him with my life. "
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Friends coming over, drink bubbly and watch comedy"
 "Vinegar dried your blood  Too much butter gave you worms  Spare ribs were a special extra rib"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "The biomechanics of sprinting."
 "One time I threw a snowball at my bus, another time I set off a party-popper in my English class before class started.  Neither my bus driver nor my English teacher were happy.  Still didn't get in trouble though."
 "This opinion seems short-sighted.  A luxury resource doesn't turn into a benefit to society after 18 years.  Luxury resources don't perform decades of labor.  If you want to be cold and unemotional about it, consider them a long term investment, not a luxury resource.  This is one of the biggest reasons why minimum wage *should* be more livable -- if people have the ability to **have children and raise them well**, those children will be more of an asset to society than if they are raised in poverty."
 "Sounds like my first run in with a roundabout. "
 "fix the defect where the spine develops a big fucking curve halfway down"
 "Bic"
 "Adolfs are whiny."
 "I was 19 and he was 20. "
 "Lucky you, haha. The Chad I knew was a lacrosse player at a college I use to go to, and he was an asshole. He would always talk about his old private/boarding school, and he would never talk to a girl he didn't think was hot. One day my Sociology teacher asked us about names and everyone agreed that Chad was pretty much at the top on the douchebag list. Chad threw a fit and told us all we were jealous."
 "Is there any evidence that the increase in productivity was created by the workers rather than by capital investments in automation and efficiency?"
 "Well are you guys planning on getting married or have any plans to be? I'm sure they'll ask that when you guys tell them"
 "Ghirardelli FTW"
 "Interesting, but I have to point out that you neglected to mention his mustache."
 "Can't afford a $5 condom and read directions but can afford a child?"
 "I've heard of several better designed solutions to institutional prejudice. The problem was they cost more than affirmative action does, so state and local govts wont try them."
 "Splash!  It's super effective."
 "It feels so good to do it for me though. Its that really fast tap tap tap sound that is so satisfying on an ipad. "
 "Woah, I have never thought of it like that before. I always think of how much of my money has been thrown at a stripper before or been in a strippers pants. "
 "Alcohol-proof livers.  And car accident proof bladders... 'Cause I don't want a colostomy bag."
 "A way to store electrical charge. With all the electronics we have these days it would be nice to charge things your holding or some such none sense. "
 "I don't know many black people."
 "Start masturbating right before midnight and time it so that you cum right as the ball drops."
 "Fixed interest. Yes to that!"
 "Movies! Pick a theme and have a movie marathon."
 "who makes tacos with flour tortillas? corn is the only way to go"
 "We make meth at the Wal-Mart by the religious college and sell it at the Carl's Jr. drive thru."
 "That's fair, I must be the wrong girl for the notebook."
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Then she can take care of her fucking self. "
 "'Keep shouting sir, we'll find you!' "
 "You got it man, now go back to the hole you crawled out of..."
 "also on the list of things that turn me off: foreskin"
 "I was going to say \"Simpsons did it first\" but I went on the Interweb and found that the Simpsons stole [their joke from the Onion  "
 "Soccer Officially Announces It's Gay. Made me laugh so hard. \"You have to kick a ball around and you can't touch it with your hands.\""
 "I would not be even mad if it were a girl :/"
 "Got a haircut."
 "Selfless service, regardless of the outcome."
 "Hakuna Matataaaaaaaaaaaaa~"
 "All great points. There's also the factor of market value of goods/services based on minimum wage.  Some companies (most notably, major discount retail like Wal-Mart, and fast food like McDonalds -- but also many others) work at a tight profit margin and high volume. As such, they need employees to deal with the volume, but set their wages low such that they can keep prices low.  There are also jobs out there that are \"close to minimum\" wage, but require specific skills over minimum, so they're essentially offered as additional compensation over minimum, not necessarily at a \"fixed\" price (e.g., a shift manager or a more labor-intensive position). If minimum wage is raised, those jobs will have to go up because people will not want to take on extra responsibility without additional compensation. If they're currently \"worth\" $10/hour and minimum wage was raised to $15, they wouldn't accept $15/hour even though it is technically a raise.  Now, contrary to a common argument, this **doesn't** necessarily mean that raising the minimum wage \"balances out\" due to price increases after some arbitrary time period. There's no evidence to support that companies set prices of all goods/services based on minimum wage, and it's unlikely that those outside of those \"close to minimum\" wage group would have much of an argument for an increase in pay due to minimum wage increases (if you're currently making $30, you don't consider that to be \"~4x minimum wage\" the way that someone making $9.25/hour considers themselves to be making \"minimum + $2\"). However, it *does* mean that it's likely many things will increase in price due to the wage increase, and it will be disproportionately large in the areas where minimum wage workers currently spend their money, regardless of the extent of the increase."
 "DID YOU SAY STEAKS?!?"
 "The barbershop I used to go to, had push/pull stickers on the wrong sides of the door. The barber had bought a used commercial glass door, and didn't bother to remove the old stickers. It always felt so weird walking up and pulling on the door with a big push sticker (It couldn't be pushed open from the outside)."
 "/r/gaidhlig/  /r/gaeilge"
 "an expansion of food stamps and unemployment insurance...  \"An increase in the number of people who participated in the food stamp program and received unemployment\" is what you meant to say.  There was no change in policy on food stamps and while unemployment was extended several times under emergency measures, the base requirement - that you were laid off from your job - stayed the same."
 "I was sitting in business class and it was obvious that two people were having sex in the bathroom. All of the passengers and flight attendants waited for them to exit the bathroom, and we gave them a round of applause.  "
 "...is there a fetish for having a fetish?"
 "Napoleons ALWAYS have a complex."
 "you still don't get it, but you come so close. what ARE those 99 thousand to do?  everyone wants to be a general and not a grunt. fast food used to BE a livable wage, because minimum wage was originally implemented to make sure the people on the bottom could make enough to live.  and to say that there's no challenge or diversity to working at best buy...  in 16 years of scraping by on minimum wage jobs, and having worked a couple of \"respectable\" jobs when i could, i worked far harder, with far more diverse groups of people, at those minimum wage jobs. i now have a job making ten bucks an hour. and it's gravy compared to the job i had at minimum wage before that. it really is true the old saying, that the harder you work the less money you make.   if you spend 5 years at best buy, or any retail place, you're going to face more \"challenge\" in your life than any cush office job or equipment operator job. my shifts in retail some days were more grueling a challenge than any factory job. in fact, the only job that came close to matching retail in terms of pure exhaustion was farm field work, and it paid cash, less than minimum wage."
 "Gentleman here.  I totally agree."
 "Came here to say exactly this."
 "Recently had to do this. I was forced by my parents.  I can't fight them anymore and it was heartwrenching.  Still is.  It's been a couple of weeks now.  We were dating for six months.  Lot's of long distance and facetime/texting. I feel very naive sometimes, but this is what happened. "
 "Their parents should teach them some manners, dammit."
 "Nothing"
 "Why are you replying to me a month later?"
 "\"All the feels\" or any other variation "
 "Crickets chirping from the armchair economists of reddit."
 "Babies."
 "Yeah, but then the part at the end that sticks outward will dig into your head if you bump or rest it on something."
 "I've had sex at about 7,000 feet above sea level but it was in a bed in a building. Does that count?  A mile is 5280 feet."
 "Dragon Ball Z. I would Kamehameha everyone that messes with me."
 "Being On Reddit"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Well if they were to somehow get into the town archives they would see that about 4 years ago a man and his wife got into an argument over something very insignificant. The argument ended when the man killed his wife in the back of the Asian restaurant. He proceeded to mutilate the corpse, clean up the mess, and drive up to nearby cliff. He filled the corpse with some material that doesn't float and thrust the corpse. He proceeded to file a missing's person report with the police. I believe around 9 months passed and someone finally found the resurfaced body on some rocks. He had put on a charades with the woman's family, so they were in quiet a shock. I forget what length of time he was sentenced for though. That'd probably do it. "
 "Market pricing only works when both sides have some amount of leverage. Employers get to choose what to offer. Employees get to choose what offers to accept.  However, in a recession the employee has very little or no leverage because there's a line of candidates willing to take that job for considerably less pay. Also when companies learn they can artificially generate a surplus of workers they will do so by instituting hiring freezes and layoffs across entire industries. They are able to disrupt fair market pricing and exert a downward price pressure on wages. Then they proceed to extract extra hours, sometimes unpaid off the clock, and pull other abusive stunts such as cutting their hours to deny health insurance to the employee. Since the employee is in a market unfavorable to workers, they are pressured into complying with employer's unreasonable demands because they have no competing job offers. Minimum wage puts a stop to some of that nonsense by insuring there is a floor to downward price pressure."
 "With a child, nine months is a shorter amount of time every year."
 "South Park episode."
 "Take a bite out of that cheeseburger!"
 "Armadillos have internal balls. They just have all the luck."
 "I personally like it, and never met a woman who hasn't. It's just nice to have your clit caressed. Just a gentle rubbing. "
 "*\"I have no idea what I am doing; why am I in Spanish 3?\"*"
 "What about describing something as ''all but [exactly what it is]\". I DON'T GET IT, please explain this to me. "
 "When I was 12 I had a best friend who I considered a brother. We were inseparable and we might as well have been brothers. We spent every day after school, every weekend, and every day of summer together since we were 8.  We would rough house often and I was much stronger at the time so would always win.   One day we are wrestling in his room, and I put him in a headlock trying to get him to tap out. He wouldn't give as usual so I began to pull a bit to cut off airflow. That's when I heard a \"POP\". I let go and he just lay there motionless, eyes blank staring off in the distance.   After maybe 3 seconds that felt like 10 minutes, he said in a very quiet and panicked voice \"rule7, something is wrong, I can't feel anything. Help me! Get my parents.\"  I lost my marbles, I was in shock, I didn't run. I slowly walked across the house to where his parents were watching television, and with tears welling up, I tried to say \"your son is paralyzed and it's my fault. I am so sorry.\" I could barely muster a noise, when All of a sudden I am tackled from behind. I hit the floor and he is saying \"what you crying for you little baby? Etc etc...\"  Funny story now but pretty sure I was traumatized from his little paralysis prank for life. I don't like rough housing and haven't since."
 "Not taking things seriously has really helped with my anxiety. I get really emotional when Im flustered, but now Im learning to laugh at myself instead of thinking that Im an idiot."
 "Yep, that's an issue too. A lot of the H1B's aren't even aware, or don't care, about it too. They take the money, which is usually an amount that would be making bank back home, and run with it."
 "We have a smartass in the house"
 "I rikkin' it'll be from who ivvver came up with that site."
 "Get drunk."
 "Can confirm - one of my best friends is a Tristan and he's a total tool."
 "You don't need any lines.  Just grin at the person closest to you."
 "Shut up lance"
 "When we are willing to receive decreased compensation in exchange for increased leisure time.  Which, as it happens, is a choice that some of my coworkers make today."
 "Backing up with a trailer. I know not everybody has a reason to pull a camper or boat, but I have sent so many idiots at the boat ramp who don't have a clue. "
 "More like lava. It's intense she-bro and/or bro. "
 "I was playing around with the idea of getting \"Mattel 1987\" on the back of my neck, just like the actual Barbie dolls do... But I think I've scrapped that for now lol!"
 "because reddit."
 "I try to throw in \"I could care less\" at times when I do care, just to counteract this; however it usually doesn't play out like I envisioned.  "
 "/r/Ithkuil "
 "Get checked for shizophrenia?"
 " This is an indisputable fact.  I don't think that's right. I'm pretty sure that's why we're having this discussion in the first place."
 "This one right here! Wooooooo^oooooo^ooooo^oooo^ooo^oo^o"
 "\"This has to be the most offensive post I've seen on reddit. Have some respect for the Native American culture, assholes\" said WhinnyPCNazi."
 "Pouring motor oil out of a bottle.  The bottles have that distinctive shape so that you can pour it out smoothly with no galug-galug sloshing all over.  But everybody holds it upside down, and then gets pissed that there's oil everywhere.    The hole should be up and the slanted part down; then there's room for air to get in and the oil pours smoothly.  No galug at all. "
 "If the owner's job is so easy and gets paid so much more then why doesn't everyone do it?"
 "I agree that some limits should be imposed, but the current structure makes it almost impossible for anyone on the registry to lead a normal life and that's the main goal; allowing people who have served their sentence to acclimate back into society with as minimal chance of recidivism as possible and still let them live and move on with their lives.  And furthermore, the limits imposed should be reflective of what the nature of the crime is. It's unreasonable that person who happened to be drunk and took a piss in an alley should face the same ostracism that pedophile endures. People see sex offender and automatically assume worst possible scenario without full possession of the facts."
 "Holy shit this thread just blew my mind. I guess I'm one of those dumb people who always assumed that \"don't flush away sanitary napkins\" meant pads, but who would ever flush pads? That's ridiculous. Anyway...dang...I wonder how many toilets I've mistakenly clogged in my time? TIL!"
 "Impossible."
 "Garden Grove, CA. The people driving there should have to pass the test twice"
 "I don't hate either of them.  My issue with with zealotry. A zealot does not understand human beings, no matter where they stand on the political spectrum--even if many of their beliefs agree with mine. "
 "It's overrated and lame."
 "Liveable wage is a joke of a comment.  What is liveable wage?  Is that a nice car and big apartment or enough money to live?"
 "Alcohol lowers your inhibitions, and skews your judgement.  So what they are thinking is: \"I can do this, I'm not even that drunk.\" \"It's not far.\" \"I drive better when I'm drunk.\"   If they're thinking \"logically,\" they might think \"I should get a cab, but then I'd have to leave my car here, and cabs are expensive.\"  Basically, all the variations on \"fuck it.\""
 "/r/Esperanto "
 "Try that gum, much less gross. But good luck with smoking less!"
 "I loved the way my cat thought he was a dog. There were many people in my neighbourhood that walked their dogs by our place and my cat would go up to ever one of those dogs with no fear and greet them just like he was a dog himself.   My cat became quite popular in the neighbourhood. "
 "A swissknife, a lighter and a bottle."
 "Post everything and anything you've discovered and learned no matter how mundane or seemingly obvious. I promise you no one else will have done the same thing and the world will benefit from your unique newfound knowledge. You will be a reddit hero for having taught them that ice cubes in KFC have more bacteria and than toilet water.   Edit: don't bother checking to see if someone else posted it - - they didn't. "
 "Time wasted on something you like is not time wasted, but time well spent."
 "A humourless vegan? This is the first time I've come across that combo."
 "Holy fuck this is dark and hilarious:   \"In some cases,\" Lindell added, \"the dolphins appeared to be looking directly into our eyes, as if pleading with us to help them perform better in these tests.\""
 "\"Fuck, when was this newspaper printed?!\""
 "Thanks for that!"
 "Well we don't have a mall over here, but I actually do this?  Like I'll be in school, and all of a sudden, bam; I'm wet."
 "I hate when people let their kids do whatever and make a scene or disturb others in public. If I'm out shopping or out to dinner I don't want to hear your little brat whining. I am a parent with a daughter going through her terrible twos. First sign of a tantrum and we are out of there. I dont want to ruin other peoples days with her screaming. "
 "ONE PARTY RULE FOR USA!!!"
 "Steven Bradbury winning Australia's first winter olympics Gold medal at the 2002 olympics. "
 "But simple economics is so *hard.*"
 "Trolling or being a big smartass"
 "/r/OldEnglish "
 "Lol ok checkmate"
 "So you're saying you do care, basically. "
 "Well, unlike you I actually know how to drive and use mirrors. Without mirrors parking is impossible."
 "It means that you should squat while keeping your back straight. Pick the object with your hands and then stand up again. So your legs do most of the work.   Instead most people tent to bend over (keeping their legs straight) grab the object then lift by straightening their backs. This puts a lot of pressure on your lower spine."
 "Suburban Mom Wows Family With Most Androgynous Look Yet"
 "A mouth like a military cemetery. "
 "Yeah, only two sets for free?  It's 2014!"
 "Jesus is."
 "Trust engineers. Hahaha. We welders and fitters are always fixing your fuck ups."
 "When people chew with their mouth open or smack their food. It makes you feel like they were raised among savages."
 "Playing a video game that doesn't require a lot of attention.  Nothing else much going on.  SO is putting laundry away I think."
 "Same for me. But because it is my Grandmothers native tongue, and I know how much it would mean for her. "
 "Girls that smoke"
 "I had to stop after \"Irregardless\"."
 "My fat cat Crookshanks is so adorable but also dumb as toast. He fetches hair ties and also hoards them. If I need one and I ask him for one, he will disappear and come back with one in his mouth. He doesn't meow, he quacks. He will sometimes cry like a baby - literally sounds like a baby wailing - and when we look at him he's got his mouse-on-a-string-on-a-stick toy in his mouth, by the stick.  He sleeps on his back with his paws curled up. He sleeps wrapped around my head at night,  sometimes flopping over so that his paws are across my face. And he snores and its adorable.   Lily likes to get in between the two shower curtains and watch you shower. "
 "Mostly the dick, kinda all around. Really good orgasms I can kinda feel over my whole body. Not the same feeling, but there's this like... feeling. It's kinda similar to getting goosebumps, but it's also like muscles contracting."
 "damn"
 "I would like to see internet explorer 12"
 "Every war has casualties."
 "There are 168 hours in a week. Let's say you spend half sleeping and commuting. That's still 40 hours for work, 44 for school and whatever else. I did both. Anyone could do both."
 "Probably a good thing"
 "Whatever in the hell celebrities do or say, or have done or said."
 "I think I've seen 2 roundabouts ever in the Toronto area, and they've all been in dead end type suburb hell where there is never any traffic...."
 "Because my boyfriend ran inside to grab pizza, so I'm waiting in the car."
 "Because I'm shitty at keeping them."
 "Not a quirk I love but a quirk nonetheless. My dog is racist. I don't know where or how it started but we started noticing it when Osama Bin Laden was killed. Any time any middle eastern person came up on the TV he'd run and bark at the screen. After awhile he associated that race with the word terrorist and now if anyone says the word terrorist, he'll start growling. Then our extended family came over. They happen to be Mexican. My dog is super friendly, I've only seen him bite like once or twice and it was for a reason. He loves people. Well they walk in and he starts barking at them, which is normal when new people enter the house. The problem is he didn't stop he barked at them until we took him away and then he growled at them the rest of the night.   He's also really passive aggressive. If we pick him up when he doesn't want to  he lets out the loudest sigh I'd swear it was a human doing it. Also if you make him cuddle when he doesn't want to [he'll glare at "Look out! Here there be spoilers!"
 "Ask myself why the fuck my newspaper still got delivered. Seriously, everybody is about to die, what the hell."
 "Yeah but you have to take your pants all the way off"
 "Oh, no. Hell no..."
 "For those who argue than MW jobs are merely stepping stones, lets look at the \"stones\" for a moment.  Does one accumulate some rare knowledge at those jobs that will translate into a livable income? Look into the pay structure of those industries and you will quickly discover the \"managers\" make 50 cents more an hour.  Maybe those workers should get more formal education?  How, may I ask, can a low paid worker who is one car repair bill away from losing an apartment suddenly afford college classes?  Even CC classes are $500 a pop.    Face it, the deck is stacked in favor of those who are looting the American economy as well as the American workforce (and their supporting families)."
 "A giant statue of Tom Cruise"
 "im waiting for people to show up so we can start our festivities! enjoy your new year :) "
 "I don't believe in god so I blame evolution and only evolution. Sigh.  I tolerate it because I have to. Some women use hormonal contraceptives and those can reduce/stop the bleeding but it doesn't work for all women. If the cramps are really bad I have painkillers, but honestly, for me the PMS in the week leading up to it is worse than the actual bleeding. So much nonsense that my body does.  Period shits are diarrhea that comes with the start of your menstruation. It's like your body decides on a general clear out."
 "i'd think Jesus Christ they printed then distributed them papers fast."
 "Relevant question"
 "Because entertainment."
 "There's a singer under that name."
 "For you."
 "Getting to Vegas to see Britney!! "
 "I don't know about that one. I remember Stewart and Lorraine around a new baby "Where i live, when the power goes out, SO DO THE LIGHTS."
 "Sleep is a stoner "Right??? Road to Bloodshed was unreal. One of my all-time favorite albums...anybody who is into thrash or melodic metal should love it, I always say."
 "Thats deep, yo."
 "AWALT: All Women Are Like That"
 "Only 90's kids will remember."
 "bored, want someone to give me a boner."
 "I think people in this thread are feeling bad enough."
 "Does that count as a cartoon?"
 "&lt;:) a hat"
 "The original phrase was \"I could care less but I wouldn't know how\". General laziness dropped the last half. "
 "Honestly, I think that most people did.  With the tax brackets the way that they are, it gives those who champion the rich the ammunition to go \"but!  But!  35%!!!\"    Conventiently, people either forget or ignore the various ways in which the upper class can play the system for massive amounts of deductions while those in the middle class (unions, as Chris Christie would have you believe), are the cause of all of our woes.    It's a clever and expedient projection.     However, there is something to be said for the greed and corruption of certain unions.  I was a (very proud) member of the IAFF for over five years.  While what we did was mostly good, at least in my opinion, there were some amongst us who believed that we should be getting raises (more accurately, cost of living increases) at a time when the very people paying our salaries in the private sector weren't getting cost of living increases, and unemployment was going up and up.    I always argued that we be thankful for what we have, and wait for the economy to turn around before we begin asking for more.  Many agreed, some disagreed.  At times, we can be our own worst enemy.  "
 "im watchin 40 yr old vigin. waiting for my bf to come over"
 "\"Why did they print this in the newspaper instead of alerting me in a better way?  Well... I assume the bomb isn't coming, this was printed hours ago...\""
 " Raise ur dongers "
 "Probably just find a nice view. Most people would probably be scrambling around, either looking for cover (pointless) or having sex. That moment of calm before it strikes, I'd imagine it wouldn't be so bad."
 "how could you miss this opportunity!! Apply directly to the *foreskin*"
 "Not going to be any less shittier"
 "I suppose you could consider /r/Writing educational, though I'd just call it interesting."
 "\"Just give it a minute\""
 "if McDonalds really wanted to, they could replace the entire front counter staff with two touchscreen computers and let me order my own damned food, too.  its not rocket science. i go ticka ticka ticka, swipe my credit card, and pour my own drink.  the only difference right now is someone else touches the buttons.  keep humans to make the food, sure.  but 90% of the front counter staff could be removed.  keep one guy to hand me my parfait from the behind-the-counter cooler, and we're good."
 "Good luck!"
 "Everyone needs something made of explodium."
 "Plano, TX"
 "Law of Gross Tonnage   "
 "There will more more resolution threads."
 "Most folks don't know how to tie their shoe laces correctly.  They tie a slip knot and that's why they come untied so often.  See: "tweeting it!"
 "I felt like the greatest of dads when my then nine-year-old proclaimed, \"use your roundabout button!\" from the passenger seat. He was referring to the horn."
 "Girls would get to be justifiably more pissed off for unintentional pregnancies. \"You told me you had it in blank mode!\""
 "I encourage you to tell yet at them.  \"YOU'RE 7, START ACTING LIKE IT! PICK UP A GOD DAMN PHONE! PARTY FAVORS DON'T GROW ON TREES!\""
 "cell phone?"
 "There's a standard period of approximately 4 seconds in which the people waiting first should go.    If they choose not to use this time, then people from the back of the line who are actually paying some fucking attention to their surroundings may go. "
 "Opening a banana."
 "Ah no he wouldn't benefit from supplements, he would benefit from a calorie surplus eating healthy foods."
 "My rat terrier turns fully pink at night--belly, nose and paws. In the morning, he's right back to normal."
 "Be more specific."
 "i don't hate anyone because of their political views. i only hate people if their political actions contribute to an overall negative progress of society through the perpetuation and promotion of injustice"
 "The way people count cash these days it is sometimes slower than checks. It is sad. "
 "I didn't ask for citations, I asked for evidence. Trying to avoid specifically that problem because a logical argument itself is never evidence for something."
 "Of course they do. A society cannot possibly willingly allow something that we know is a placebo to be presented as a viable approach to cure people."
 "There are even a bunch of "My pit does the exact same thing. He jumps up and looks at me because he thinks I did it to him."
 "I love me the dry sense of humor. Thanks for making me choke on my pasta dinner!"
 "I was on a small local flight with maybe 10 or 12 other people. Pretty cramped as usual. Suddenly, a red light near the door lights up and one of the passengers (the one who was closer to the door) gets up and starts opening the fucking door. I notice everybody else is also looking at him but nobody is doing anything. Mind you, this is such a small plane that there were no flight attendants, just the pilot in the front of the cabin. So he struggles a bit and actually gets the door open. My balls immediately shrink to half their size, probably because of fear, and also because now there's this huge cold wind blowing inside the aircraft. Thankfully we weren't very high so we didn't need masks or additional oxygen to breathe. Then I noticed that red light turned green, and the guy just threw himself. One after the other these people were throwing themselves out that door, some were doing it in groups of two or three. Finally there's just me and this other guy, he looks pretty calm, turns to me and says: \"we're up, let's go\". So I did all my required AFF maneuvers and that's how I started to learn to skydive."
 "Not even a... [gif "Getting laid sometime back in September. It had been a while and it was just as epic as I remembered."
 "Broken Arms"
 "When I got to meet all my brothers and sisters at a huge gathering. We were all swimming and having a great time. That was the day I met my mom. It was also the day they all didn't make it....The Big Race. Never forget."
 "Why did you have surgery?"
 "I'm a hardcore liberal.  I don't hate anyone but at least libertarians stick to their beliefs.  Conservatives in America are basically the stupid people in America."
 "Holding a writing utensil the correct way."
 "Then move to Iowa. There is no reason to increase minimum wage so that people can have a living wage in New York. Over time, there will be more demand for unskilled workers in New York and those businesses will increase their pay without messing the economics up for the rest of the country."
 "Also yeah, it is too bad they made like Zeppo and faded away into nothing. :("
 "Much doge"
 "Where is it? I lost my wrong!"
 "There will be less resolution threads."
 "What I do on Saturday nights isn't in question here."
 "I don't hate either. Libertarians' views are closer to my own (they're at least socially liberal), so I'd rather vote for a libertarian than a conservative, but that's about it."
 "When I did performances with my youth orchestra, a lot of parents (including my own, until I asked them not to) would hoot and whistle during the applause.  It's not a bloody sports game, clapping is sufficient; if you really really liked something (and I mean really really really) you can stand up when you applause."
 "We don't go out to eat very often at all, but my son knows there are 2 special rules at restaurants: 1) You have to sit on your butt, and 2) you can't be too loud. "
 "Waited for 8 hours for Springsteen tickets once. Was exhausting but totally worth it, considering he expends 10X the energy in his 4 hours on stage than I spend in an average month."
 "For the future if you reply with just a period then people will understand"
 "Blame conservative rhetoric, FOX News  their duped followers. Then blame much of the left who doesn't fight for it."
 "There's still about 7 hours till New Years and foods in the midst of being ready, so there's that."
 "Girlfriend, condoms, and a leather-man(like a swiss army knife)"
 "Keep ____ and _____ trends need to die. Now."
 "\"I did not have sexual relations with that woman\" ;)"
 "1."
 "I never got gold and my husband gets it all the time! I try to be witty and clever and it just never happens..."
 "Boredom."
 "In what way will 2014 be different to 2013? "
 "[What did the egg say to the sperm?](#s \"Can I have a allele bit of your time?\")"
 "What is, in your opinion, the best picture that defines the human experience during the year 2013?"
 "The number of resolution threads shall remain the same."
 "Bought a homeless man some food"
 " Business people are often very important, and businesses like to be efficient. Do you think a company would pay millions of dollars to hire a new CEO if they didn't the CEO was worth that much money?  I so wish that the day would come when we'd be able to replace all \"business people\" with AI. I'd like to see them wiggling and arguing why they shouldn't be replaced.   It's very easy to look at the world as an 'us vs. them' scenario but a lot of people got to where they are by...  I believe that a fairly small number of people got there this way, with this not being the option for the vast majority of the population (so an argument along the lines of \"Look at Bill Gates!\" won't fly - and he was actually well-situated to begin with), and a large people got there by fairly unethical means such as by working in the darker parts of the financial business (are there any bright parts, in fact?)   If as you imply, the working class is really where all the wealth is being created, then businesses should be more than comfortable paying employees more. You see it in software right now; the best college students (in Computer Science) are being paid $100,000+ straight out of college - because each company wants to get an advantage over the others by having better employees.  $100,000+ won't make you rich. Not by a long shot. (Perhaps by my country's standards, but not according to US standards.)"
 "I found this one at the very top of /r/wtf, where it belongs"
 "You'd have to break it down further than that as it's far more expensive to live in a bit city than say 30 miles outside of one. "
 "Speak English. People English wrong all the time."
 "And isn't it nice that you can afford to prevent pregnancy."
 "Fuck.  Well see you later Reddit, I'm a stereotype.   "
 "Stephs talk too much. Seriously, you know I'm here too right?"
 "VA driver, it ain't so bad. You don't worry about sore arms after a long drive."
 "Hating myself."
 "Nope. "
 "Yup, when i read to calm down I end up staying up all night. One more chapter because I have to see what happens. have to force myself to do chores to get sleepy. Different people respond differently to activities."
 "Most"
 "Driveswithwhiskey. I am guessing that is a pretty popular native name though."
 "100 pushups thread. Nothing else competes."
 "Dang it, Big Tuna."
 "Well, where would they put it??"
 "/r/tlhInganHol "
 "Or act like it wasn't really that big of a deal, it was just a stupid mistake, get over it, my god, what's your problem anyway? ANYTHING to minimize that terrible feeling of being a fuckup and shitty person... make like it's the other person's problem for blowing something out of proportion. Apologize, for that? Why, it's not even worth it, Arch27 is just being too sensitive!  I've seen this shit too. Makes my apologies that much better, because I KNOW the only thing that really makes you feel better... is the apology.  My kids are laughing at me right now, because we're talking about the number of times a month they get to hear me say: Nevermind! I was wrong! Ignore mother! She's a dumb bunny! Sorry!  But I do also enforce their apologies. Apologize to your brother, and make ME believe it!"
 "Alex's are all good looking or nice "
 "Thank you. Now I need three new people to join so I can pay it forward. "
 "People don't understand that to merge you need to be traveling at the same speed as the traffic ie going the speed limit. I hate those fuckers who slow down to merge then wonder why no one lets then in!!! "
 "THIS"
 "sadly Im sorry to say the longer Ive lived the more I see that the American Dream is a fantasy that keeps getting spoon fed to most of the American population "
 "I learned that I pretty much can't be in relationships. At least, that's still where I'm at now 3-4 years later. Was in a long, long relationship that never turned into marriage because I was so very, very unhappy all the time. Self-esteem issues led me to not break it off for years and years though we were clearly bad for each other. Thought I would never get anything better and I think she kind of liked me being in that headspace.   Now I realize that I MIGHT have gotten something better if I'd cut and run the first time I \"tried\" to break it off (which was a year into living together). Now I'm so backwards and inside-out about making sure that I'm in the relationship for the right reasons - and more importantly that my partner is in the relationship for the right reasons - that I don't even pursue relationships that are basically tossed in my lap, let alone try to find something that makes me happy. It's just not worth it to me - at least at this point. We'll see where life goes from here.   tl;dr - I agree with everyone saying that it's better to just break it off at the first sign of it not working; also, it's okay to go through life without a partner if a partner always seems to make things worse. "
 "Yes, exactly, and you know what, they make the money and run the business Last week I subbed a floor out to my brother in law, who does flooring, I got the job, I dealt with the customer, so I added 500$ to his pricemade 5 bills by basically making phone calls. "
 "Someone did"
 "Actually, you're supposed to sneeze into your handkerchief, which preferably would be monogrammed with your initials, thereby identifying it as yours.  Of course, people rarely carry handkerchiefs anymore, which is unfortunate for a few reasons in addition to the sneezing issue. A lady can no longer signal her interest in gentlemen by dropping her handkerchief at his feet, for example. Nor can you hold a handkerchief scented with cologne over your nose to mask unpleasant odors encountered on public buses or railway carriages."
 "Then everyone gets stuck behind the derp with his head in the clouds, while a checkout operator from down the far end is frantically waving their hand trying to attract attention from the line."
 "Yeah, I think he's twice as hot all dirty and grubby on Lost than when he's all cleaned up in a suit and stuff. "
 "20,000 is not even enough for one person, FYI."
 "Just be nice and polite. "
 "I can only aspire."
 "The issue with the self checkouts at a place like Home Depot is that many items have to be verified by the person manning the checkout area (things like bulk hardware, lumber, etc.), since those items are self serve and charged by the piece or by the foot. If the customer input the wrong item code, or wrong length, then a manager has to approve the override. You generally don't have that at supermarkets. The worst someone can do in a supermarket, aside from flat out stealing, is input the wrong item code to get produce cheaper. Everything else (think deli or bakery items) is checked by an employee before the customer puts it in their cart and the price is attached to a barcode."
 "One a vag, one a cock, bisexuality ftw!"
 "Arabic because i have to go to Saudi Arabia in the future for ummrah and so i can finally read the Quran and learn about my religion. My future husband is also most likely going to speak Arabic and i would love to speak to him in it when doing  some frick-fracking. "
 "Test Post Please Ignore"
 "Let's hope you don't keep him a virgin through 2014."
 "That wasn't a cartoon!"
 "Sitting with him for hours while he talked about this and that. I remember wishing I could remember every word because I knew there would come a time when those moments would be no more. On Christmas Day, dad would have been 70 years old. RIP, Daddee."
 "My brain cannot understand that at the moment. "
 "/r/tlhInganHol "
 "1. Nah, never had. If I don't want them to look, I'll fix my shirt. Make it obvious you know? 2. Haha, always. It's like a automatic radar? Someone looks, I'll see. 3. Depends on the shirt i guess. "
 "This. I'm watching The Walking Dead marathon."
 "That has nothing to do with automation, that's just workers accepting a lower standard of living.  "
 "It's good in that it generally gets people to acknowledge some of their own strengths and preferences, but it neglects to take into consideration any mental illnesses, disabilities, or disorders. Trying to guess at someone's, \"type\" while only knowing their strong suits and basic preferences ignores a lot of relevant information. "
 "This isnt the biggest, but it was preety shocking lie...  \" Now, I have to go back to work on my State of the Union speech. And I worked on it until pretty late last night. But I want to say one thing to the American people. I want you to listen to me. I'm going to say this again: I did not have sexual relations with that woman, Miss Lewinsky. I never told anybody to lie, not a single time; never. These allegations are false. And I need to go back to work for the American people. Thank you\""
 "Try a black molly mine is harder than a coffin nail and has seen off numerous other 'hardy' fish"
 "Mean Automakers Dash Nations Hope For Flying Cars "Also, acid spit"
 "What do you hope to accomplish in 2014?"
 "Almost all mammals reabsorb their uterine lining instead of shedding it. Lucky bastards."
 "Way too late to this thread but the article that got me into the onion was  Columbine Jocks Safely Resume Bullying school where the jocks cannot freely exclude math geeks, drama fags, goths and other inferiors without fearing for their lives is not the kind of school I want to go to.\" \""
 "One of Will Sasso's best pieces of work. "
 "Let's just take a moment to marvel at Miley licking off her own makeup. "Me. I currently do not possess any special skill that separates me from most other average adults. If anything I want minimum wage lowered because then it would be easier for me to obtain a job. I personally don't believe in a minimum wage, because why should you pay me more for a service that is high in supply and requires no real skill?"
 "Like 20 seconds before"
 "you remain with your back straight and only move forward your knees to get lower"
 "Functional humor receptors. Also, a common sense gland."
 "My workplace disabled that feature because they are afraid we will use it to help customers steal stuff. Keep in mind that this never has actually happened, they are just afraid it will so they took a super convenient feature, that would make the lines go so much faster, away from us.  "
 "Unless you're actually funny. Then the seriousness only makes it funnier."
 "You sir, are a genius.  An evil genius turned good."
 "It also costs them money to keep you in prison, which could also be a conflict of interest"
 "pulling out the guitar lead of an acoustic before the sound tech mutes the channel... every time. ouch. "
 "They can also get around your elbow."
 "Abercrombie guys are nice to look at the same way Victoria's Secret models are nice to look at, but I'd rather come home to someone less visibly muscular.  Someone who maybe doesn't have the most defined biceps ever, but still has nice and strong arms from chopping wood and fixing things and throwing me around like a feather in bed..  I'm skinny and slightly bony, so there needs to be some cushion between us. I slept with a really skinny guy once and woke up with bruises because our hip bones kept hitting each other. Not fun. But he can't be too big/ have too much belly, because I'm small and scared of being squished."
 "Boredom."
 "As a drinker myself, I have never drank and driven, but I know a good number who do. Alcohol is a depressant, (not to say it automatically makes one sad or miserable) and as such, at the end of the night, the desire to sleep off the fun becomes stronger than the logic against it. Also, people sometimes think to themselves that there are a thousand reasons why they can get away with it. Being less drunk than the other guys on the road, thinking to take back roads, and drive slightly below the speed limit to avoid police attention. Unfortunately though, once someone is seriously intoxicated, not much goes through their heads at all, logically based or otherwise. Cabs cost money, and some people drink to much to pay for that. To sum it up, the desire to get home out-weighs the logic of staying safe or out of jail."
 ".. it's like 50 euros.."
 "Writing your congressman actually matters. Not many people do it. If you write a hand written letter, someone is likely going to read it and it will be taken under consideration. Even better is to see when your Congress person is in town and then ask them questions and talk to them. They get a lot of time off to do this, and during that time they are away from lobbying in DC."
 "Hey I'm just defending the guy. Your original question was answered so you didn't need to keep on pestering. I'm not going to continue this pointless debate or something so trivial. Farewell, have a happy new year and a good life. "
 "reminds me of the quote \"There is a big difference between saying *anyone can do it* and *everyone can do it*\""
 "Ability to store wakefulness. It's winter break so you have a lot of time? Sleep a bit extra each day, and then use that to stay up later when you need or want it."
 "Work then sleep, and then repeat till death."
 "I have several cats with my sister.  Two feature in this story.  and both siamese from the same litter.  Boo is very much stuck as a kid, and even with a lowered scale is an idiot.  She doesn't know exactly how to get outside of a box even though she got in without any problems, and for some reason never sleeps on the warm spot.  Cassie on the other hand is a criminal mastermind.    For a couple of weeks, my sister and I were finding cat treats open all over the house, torn open and only crumbs left.  Eventually we kept them in a drawer in her bedroom.  One day we found another treat bag, torn open again, this time we had 2 suspects, Cassie and Lillie.  Lillie is a little pig of a cat so we had no problems immediately punishing her.  Bell collars and the removal of wet food are our punishments to the cats.   A few more days pass and i catch Cassie tearing up a packet of treats stolen from the drawer.  She crawled from the open bottom drawer to the next and pushed it open from the back to get the treats.    After that, we kept punishing her by giving her only dry food even as treats dry food, when we found an open bag.  For a while we had no problems with treats, until one day, we uncovered an open bag on top of the fridge then one behind the entertainment center.    I went to check the stash of treats, relocated to a different drawer, and heard crinkling from outside the room.  I walked in, and Cassie was sitting on top of the drawer looking down.  She looked at me then back down.  Whatever is over there my view is being blocked by the bed.  When I get over there it is Boo messing with a bag of treats.  Cassie gives me a meow like, \"What?, Wasn't me.\"  Boo knows what a treat bag is but has never before stolen one or was able to remove the treats from an open bag before, she isn't even making any progress on the bag she has.  I caught them doing this only a few more times, since then, but I don't look at Cassie the same way.     "
 "Bathe. Just run some water, and hop in. Use soap too."
 "Here's an example of what happened to me last night. I was at a bar watching a college football game, the game ended and I had consumed about 5 beers. When you are at this point, you don't feel drunk, but I consciously knew that I was based on the number of beers I had. I had a lady friend that was texting me asking me to come over. If the media and my parents had not constantly beat into my head the dangers of driving while intoxicated, I may have driven to meet her. My answer is that at a certain level you either don't feel that you are too intoxicated to drive, or people just don't care and want to go somewhere that requires driving. So thank you M.A.D.D. and Mom/Dad!"
 "Trying to attract white sorority girls?"
 "Much evil"
 "Reminds me of that horrifying Skittles commercial but instead of a long ass beard, it's someone's feet"
 "I hope his name isn't rainbows"
 "It *does* make sense. It can work both ways.  If I *do* care about something, it's unpleasant or seemingly impossible to care less about it.  If I *don't* care about something, I would be fine with caring *less*.   It's a just a different way of conceptualizing the same idea."
 "I've lived around. I would say In Georgia, either North Georgia mountains where the Appalachian Trail starts or some white water rafting or the the actual city of Atlanta. Arizona. Most definitely Sedona and the Grand Canyon, Utah, Zion National Park, Cali, Maybe Yosemite. Half dorm is a tough, but great hike. Montana/Idaho Glacier National Park, but actually reserve camp sites, and get the heck out/away from the car."
 "not the coast"
 "Saw this with my future wife as our 2nd date (and first movie date).  Married 18+ years now."
 "I remember being 11/12 and somehow holding hand held mirrors between my legs to look at my girl parts, I was amazed. But then I remember seeing somewhere that only 13 year old's could cum (I know I know) So I decided to leave it, until my 13th birthday.   I got the mirror out again and got in all sorts of positions to try and get a closer look at my girl parts, then I saw my hole open up a bit more, I was terrified but went ahead with it anyway. I started masturbating and then I had this AMAZING feeling and I realized I had orgasmed, then I looked at the object I was masturbating with and noticed I had came a little too. "
 "You want to show that you value the gift. If your party involves guests who enjoy wine and are drinking good (whatever that means to you ) wine, then you open the bottle to show that you think their gift is worthy of the occasion. If, on the other hand, the party involves beer from cans, then maybe you put the bottle away to signify that you intend to save it for a more special occasion. "
 "1440p*"
 "You don't even *need* to spend that much. We spent 120 on the cheapest bed frame we could find, and 200 on a decent quality matress. Still got both 10 years later, now in the spare room, and it's still a comfy bed."
 "I never said it was supply and demand.   Supply and demand in it's most primative form says you charge the highest price you can demand. As soon as you start messing with economic policy, supply and demand goes out the window.  This is shown when minimum wages are introduced.   Have you ever priced a product?  you look at the price, you look at what the market will bear and you compare the 2 to determine your profit.  If it's worth the risk, you carry it.  To simply say \"SUPPLY AND DEMAND, SUPPLY AND DEMAND\" is childish. "
 "For some reason that sounds really adorable."
 "Can confirm. Before, I can barely run 20 minutes straight but because of that program, I can now run 30 minutes straight. I'm now on B210K. :D"
 "Honestly, I've always abhorred hipness. IMO a lot of hipsters are narcissists. They are unique in that they are just like everyone they surround themselves with. That isn't to say some of them don't have good ideas and intentions. They probably do, but need to see that some of those ideas are, (as hopeful as they sound) unrealistic. I am more pragmatic and that may be due to the way I was raised. I was actually quite altruistic when I was on my own for the first time. As time has passed, I have changed my views. I'm not saying it is right, only that after seeing people behave in different ways as I have grown older, I have become more sceptical of their motives. Just my thoughts..."
 "you had me until garunteed "
 "You understand it, you just don't want to admit it.    You're telling me that your the type of person who has ZERO problem with doing the same exact job as someone....but they get paid ten times more than you?   There's not much here to misunderstand.... "
 "It looks like you failed to ask a question in your title. Double check everything, including punctuation, and try posting again.   * **If you're wanting to tell a story or explain something, please try /r/Self.**  * **If you're needing advice of any kind, try /r/Answers or /r/needadvice**  * **If you're looking for something that has slipped your mind, try /r/TipOfMyTongue.**  Anything else not covered try one of the subreddits mentioned in our sidebar that better suits your needs.  If you need more clarification, or feel this was an error, please contact the mods and provide a link to this post, thanks!   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Your are welcome, Lieutenant Sarcasm."
 "Identifying racism.   Most of the time it is just an insensitive remark not a judgement on an entire class of people!"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "I'd be alright with the ability to fly."
 "**Attention!** Please keep in mind that the OP of this thread has chosen to mark this post with the **[Serious] replies only** tag, therefore any replies that are jokes, puns, off-topic, or are otherwise non-contributory will be removed.  If you see others posting comments that violate this tag, please report them to the mods!   Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Using Jack Daniels as mouthwash sounds disgusting."
 "\"Marilyn Manson Now Going Door to Door Trying to Shock People\"   From "no. I'm stopping it right here."
 "Thanks for delivering!"
 "Gertrude is also the name for an underwater telephone in submarines reading The Hunt for Red October right now) "
 "You mean ephebophile. Unless Phil Roberts was going after an 11-year-old."
 "you make a good point:  many people believe that bare minimum wage should be enough for ONE person to live on.  If you want to support yourself, your 2 children, and your stay-at-home wife, get a better job.  "
 "Oooo, that's a great idea! I'm working on my second degree at the university close to my home, so this would be perfect. Thanks so much! I really appreciate it! :)"
 "Because I got nothing to do right now"
 "Carcinogens sounds like it's related to crabs for some reason..."
 "I do this: hold the edge of your finger close to your eye and try looking at the object with your finger's edge in the foreground. It somehow gives me more focused vision in the edge region. "
 "I heard it was originally said to people who contracted the Black Plague "
 "Just sleep until you're rested. If your life requires you to wake up at the same time every day, rearrange your life until that isn't true, unless you've got an overwhelming reason not to (i.e. you are a medical intern or something)."
 "[Young "Me + money."
 " No. Never. I'll use Netflix or go outside.  I love that. "
 "wot"
 "For those in the UK you can call 999 without credit or an active plan but you must have a SIM card in the phone, even if long expired."
 "I've still got it."
 "/r/tlhInganHol "
 "Reddit"
 "Blue Angels Hold First-Ever Open "BF is medicated and asleep, I'm bored- half watching Suits half browsing internet. Hopefully he'll get up soon.. it's only 5PM..."
 "I wouldn't believe it.  "
 "pornmd as well"
 "I would do... Nothing. I would sit on my ass, all day. I would do nothing. "
 "Am I the only one that gets slightly annoyed when people say \"we are pregnant\"? Sorry, I'm a man. I don't get pregnant. My girlfriend or wife might, but I'm not. I'm going to have an amazing 9 months of feeling awesome while her body does all the changing and she does all the yacking. "
 "/r/Quenya "
 "*Did you google Florida inhabitants to get those?  Source: I live in Carnie County, Florida"
 "I don't mean to toot my own horn, but that was a pretty good one, eh?"
 "It makes me really uncomfortable if there's NO plunger in someone's bathroom.  Even if I don't need to drop a log, what if the person before me fucked something up?  I always check.  If there's none in there, I practically hold my breath while I flush, praying to the toilet gods to let it all work out."
 "I prefer 9:30 and shifter so I can rest my elbow on the window sill."
 "When I was 18 my \"friend\" convinced me to go to her hometown and spend the weekend with her friends. Shortly after arriving at this 22 year old guys house her ex-boyfriend picks her up and they spend the entire weekend at a hotel, which was apparently the plan all along. I was left alone with a stranger (I had met him briefly once before) who raped me. "
 "Thanks for the enlightening comment Comcast."
 "What movie is the nsfw one from"
 "Homeschooling (in the US)."
 "learn /r/kravmaga and then teach it to all your ladyfriends. You'll look like a stud and potentially save their lives or yours."
 "Imagine if they had them placed on their mid backs? How bad would that suck if your choice was full protection except to junk kicks?"
 "Awesome, thanks for satisfying my curiosity"
 "\"Fernsehen\" also has a meaning as specified above."
 "\"Get the fuck out of my office you neanderthal.\" "
 "Torbe!!!"
 "Facebook"
 "It's my anniversary, so that was nice."
 "."
 "Was *ist* hier passiert?"
 "the earned income tax credit are far more efficient tools to provide a \"livable wage\" and can take the first two variables into account  God, thank you! Someone gets it!"
 "Wait, what? Really? "
 "Stop trying to deuce on our parade "
 "Check your pager"
 "*Probaly "
 "Happily chatting in tinychat with the people of /r/internetfriends and idly browsing reddit at the same time. Awesome way to spend new years, in my opinion. ;)"
 "No just someone with slobbery faces"
 "Lizzy Caplan."
 "Thankfully so. There is an exception around Christmas time though, when a lot of non-savvy people travel through London to get to their friends and family for Xmas.  in 2012 at Kings Cross St, there was an underground staff member at the top of the escalator speaking \"Walk on the left, stand on the right\" into the tannoy system over and over and over again. It was pretty funny; he had obviously been doing it for a while and was starting to play around with the inflection on the words.  WALK on the left. STAND on the right. Walk on the LEFT. Stand on the RIGHT. Walk ON the left. Stand on THE right.  I hung around and recorded the audio to my phone (now lost), because it made me giggle. At one point he said, \"Walk on the right, Stand on the left...no, wait!!\". Was very funny :)  "
 "I love my dog for the opposite reason: she cannot maintain eye contact and is constantly avoiding it. It's hilarious to watch. "
 "A magic genie lamp."
 "So many!! Britney because she's my all time favourite and that girl knows how to put on a show. Bon Jovi because they were on stage three hours and just kept going, the energy was so great. Beyonce because, it's Beyonce, doesn't need an explanation! Taylor Swift and the Backstreet Boys... Simply brilliant!"
 "And don't forget...some sort of entertainment really is a human need.  The $30 or whatever I pay for internet access is a pretty damn cheap monthly entertainment expense.  Combined with a cheap computer, I could entertain myself all month long for $30.  It is probably the cheapest form of entertainment I partake in.  A single dinner and a movie date can cost more than that, I'm sure I average over that on costs associated with multiple sports, hobbies can get expensive, and drinking at bars isn't cheap.  It's not ideal to sit in front of a computer (internet) or TV (cable) screen for the entirety of your free time, but it is hard to hold the cost against someone as a pure luxury.  A cable TV package might be a luxury to me (I very rarely watch TV...it would be nice to have those channels when I want them though), but maybe that poor person has their TV on 50 hours a week as their primary diversion from the shit job they spend another 50 hours a week at."
 "its like green, but also its purple "
 "Please just shut the fuck up with this pretentious bullshit."
 "Also you end up in a situation where you need a BA in order to punch keys on a keyboard or a BSc in order to collect water samples.  People without degrees will get bumped by those with, so everyone needs a degree to do anything.  There's really no point."
 "Uh... the bomb would have hit before the article hit the printer, let alone by the time the paper itself was printed and distributed..."
 "Several reasons:  * Boredom.  * Don't want to go on Facebook and see pictures of people getting ready for NYE parties, so Reddit is now my procrastination method of choice.  * Currently making my way through a James Bond movie marathon; I'm on The Man With The Golden Gun."
 "How long do we have to wait for the present to become history?"
 "That also assumes the older worker has all those years of experience in that field.  Otherwise, you'd see the same thing you see today - 40 and 50 year old people desperate to find a new job because their previous job no longer exists, competing against 18 and 22 year olds with the exact same level of experience, but no real responsibilities in life - they still live at home, don't have bills to pay, don't have kids to support, and generally are willing to be walked all over to work any hours on demand.  They'll bitch and whine about it, but it's not the same as not being able to work because you need to get home to feed kids, make sure ailing parents took their meds and get the check for the electric bill to the payment office before 5."
 "I love running and am fit but scrawny (if that makes sense). However, I'm flat footed so long runs make my feet uncomfortable after a while. Any advice?"
 "The grow up so fast!"
 "Cheap wine."
 "When they don't get my order right. *is it so hard to NOT put the lettuce in?*"
 "Ohh, look. The traffic on my left [USA] is moving so very fast, I need to slow down to make sure I find the perfect spot to merge over! Safety first!  [I'm just sitting there "Got nothing better to do. Boyfriend's at work, friends are out. Have a little Dre on Pandora, having a nice kief bowl, wearing supersoft PJ pants, and redditing. "
 "But.. But... College. "
 "Backup every single thing you do in work."
 "hah it's always in our nasty basement as he tried to lead our cub scout troop  I love my dad."
 "DAMN YOU LADYBUGS!"
 "that's good. although if you still know where they live... piss filled water balloons were made for a reason."
 "Corn Nuts"
 "I'm gonna make it better! I'm not gonna let chance decide how my year should go for me."
 "True story: Neil Armstrong's grandson went to my high school, and his senior year, his Latin 5 class met jointly with my Greek class. The teacher who taught the classes gave him a nice copy of the article as a graduation gift."
 "Orthadontaplex."
 "Her brother, my best friend, was getting married in London. We were all in the wedding party. She was feeling kinda depressed and was a little drunk. She stumbled into my room and one thing led to another. But my other friend was sharing a room with me, so luckily he was hooking up with a bride's maid. Almost didn't happen though. My friend is known for his prowess with the ladies and came back to my room because he knew I had condoms. He tried to take the whole box. I had to play it off like I needed one to jack it into, which was kinda embarrassing, but so worth it. Now we're married, we have twins and live in upstate New York. "
 "Chad Thundercock."
 "Clean your goddamn bathroom."
 "Prepacked sandwiches always have to have a sauce of some type. I don't like mayonnaise but every sandwich company insists on putting it on every sandwich and only displaying the fact in small print. "
 "I'm alone on New Years day because I'm a loser, just like every year. "
 "yes"
 "All of the above depending on the time of day."
 "I hate you all.  That's why."
 "I'm not sure how any of what you are saying is a counter in any way. It doesn't break the model, it's part of the model. Its assumed that corporations will maximize profits and minimize expenses. It's utterly expected that businesses will pay the least they can for labor, just as someone shopping around for a TV will pay the least they can get away with. It's a simple extension of assuming rational behavior."
 "I would definitely take them to claims, just to get them to show up.  They might have an easement to provide the utility, though."
 " SRS The original statement implied that they should get a better suited job and are choosing not to. The statement felt callous and out of touch with reality, hence the reply (my assumptions)."
 "Not ruining every single thing that I touch (generally metaphorically)."
 "Exactly what I was trying to say, but we live in a victim's society, so..."
 "Do stuff."
 "Well, I haven't tried to kill myself this year. "
 "But I hear that they gotta shake that healthy butt."
 "I remember 3rd grade, teacher had us stand up and drop a text book with one hand and a pencil with the other to see that gravity pulls everything at the same speed regardless of the weight. I was totally amazed"
 "After learning this I would always make sure to aim lower than what my brain would instinctively go for....  I've hit the butt hole a few too many times for my SO to think it was accidental.  "
 "Google went public at $400.   There are better.  Companies to invest in."
 "meh"
 "exercise. find a local gym, run, bike, something. you'll feel good and you can justify eating any foods."
 "Or used it in more \"productive means\""
 "My ex-boyfriend used to do this: Fine then, you're right, I'm wrong. You know what you're talking about, you win. I'm just an idiot, I guess.   This is the wrong tack to take with an Aspie Girl (girl... nearly fricken forty...) Apparently the response \"Well, I do have references for my argument, would you like to compare source material?\" isn't the thing to say... "
 "Drive drunk and we'll beat your ass"
 "inb4 lobbyists/gun control/abortion/weed/gay marriage debates"
 "A preying mantis."
 "I'm no mathematician, but about eight jars a month. "
 "Hope to not have to be a father any time soon. But i'd say if I had a daughter and she was straight.. well you're shit out of luck. Probably will just tolerate you."
 "/r/tlhInganHol "
 "They were there once. They'll be proud you were trying. You forget that they've probably walked much the same path as you, they're just 30 years ahead or so."
 "Sociopaths arent dangerous."
 "Tits"
 "If you have time and the desire...Volunteer! This time next year, I promise you, your life will be so much richer! :)"
 "\"Please hand me that vis--vis marker over there.\" See? That's how its done."
 "We had unemployment shooting up to levels unheard of in generations - despite the fact that the nation's infrastructure is crumbling and bridges are falling down even in big cities like SF.  Meanwhile, the party that enacted the laws to create a massive deficit in the good years and has a majority in the HoR is blocking any additional spending in the depth of the recession, arguing that debt/GDP is now too high to maintain or extend infrastructure investment."
 "#RKOI"
 "Not dating my daughter."
 "Why is the argument about skill and not effort?"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Hair down there"
 "I was going to say Steamboat for similar reasons, but Durango is better. Also, ski resorts can be fun year round. There's hiking and biking. Some have a Gondola or lift running so you can ride up and shop or enjoy the view."
 "Last year's Stanley Cup. 2 goals. 17 seconds. Chicago wins. As a Blackhawks fan this was a moment I will be telling my kids about one day. "
 "Haha, thanks!! What about you, plans?"
 "It's ok, I am still upvoting as well.  I love that some of comments that notice parts of the gif that make you go back and look and you laugh even harder. IT makes you want to comment but then you realize it's an old comment and it'd be rather strange to make a comment. "
 "That's...deep. So deep. "
 "Hey, whatever works.  I was having issues in the normal shoes and had none when I switched.  It also depends on where your foot lands in relation to your body."
 "Or get a Kindle"
 "Eagle typing. Hover... Hover... Hover... STRIKE! "
 "Matches, solar powered HAM radio, hot babe"
 "I know this is the unpopular opinion on reddit, but:  Minimum wage should be that: a minimum.   enough for only One person to be able to get by. not to live in luxury.  not to raise 3 kids.  MINIMUM.   thats a portion of rent (roommates!), food, healthcare, a bus pass, and a couple bucks to put away for retirement."
 "That's interesting (and good to know if I'm ever driving in England). We have signs everywhere to say keep left unless overtaking. So our slow traffic is in the left lane and overtaking is on the right. "
 "The tax cuts didn't cause the recession.  They *did* increase our debt by a few trillion.  That's why I think it's a bit disingenuous for the right to complain about rampant spending driving up the debt.  Irresponsible tax cuts have the same outcome as irresponsible spending."
 "That should be \"schlafen\". Also you have to use the dative, so it would be mit mir, and also because wollen is a modal verb, the other verb has to go to the end of the sentence and take the infinitive.   So really it should be \"Wollen Sie mit mir schlafen?\""
 "please explain the reference."
 "YOLO!"
 "You have to balance the pros and cons of learning how to use it vs-a-vs not learning how to use it. "
 "They are over-reacting.  My dad does this all the time, I just put it down. That's it; no fuss. It's not like a year of my life disappears every time you don't put it down."
 "Our economy, assuming you're American, is on the rise based on our stock prices. However, actual wages have been stagnating and is an explanation upon why most people do not feel the economic recovery right now. I am not sure if this imbalance will rectify itself, and there is a pretty good potential that the middle and lower classes will not see those gains. We may hope for the best though, as there is also potential that minimum wage readjustments may bring more money down into the lower economic levels."
 "Disappointing "
 "*shrug* She probably gives great head and has a better than average chance of being down for anal. A win in my book."
 "You don't have a choice if one of the options is destitution. "
 "Imagine how depressing that would be for people trying to get pregnant and not having any luck. "
 "Have lots of money"
 "A clean home makes all the difference. Going home to a mess can literally ruin your day no matter how great it was. Take pride in where you live, that way when you do have a bad day you at least have a clean home to look forward too. "
 "Wood. Cloth. And a boat builder."
 "What do you call cheese that's not yours?"
 "70% of the time it works everytime? "
 "I just said it poorly"
 "I mean couldn't you say the same thing about inner city or union types? Neither are known being super intelligent."
 "oh gosh, no he will get some lovin:)"
 "Ahhhh! I *like* this!"
 "Love you, Rob. "
 "Over 200 hours of fighting since this past summer  I fought for both sides only in the end to be fighting to save my own skin  Damn agatha and mason's can't get there shit straight but i don't mind  Because **I THIRST, FO BLOOOOOD**"
 "See here the minimum wage turned to 7.25 right as I turned 18. I moved out and got a better job with benefits that paid 10.30 an hour. I had a one bedroom apartment that I shared for 800 (400 each) a month. I got paychecks for 330$ every week.   Car insurance, car payment and gas cost me about 350 a month. Utilities (electric Internet and phone) about 300 or more. Groceries were everything else.   If I had made 7.25 I wouldn't have made it. And that was living with someone else splitting the bills. You have to have a little money left over to use for more food or fix the car if it breaks.   A livable wage should include rent, normal utilities, transportation,  and food. Ramen doesn't cut it. If it's paycheck to paycheck,  at least the bills can get paid. But if I didn't have a roommate I would have been homeless on 10.30 an hour."
 "Getting into a top Law School."
 "RIP in peace."
 "How are sociopaths dangerous if smart? (Just curious)"
 "/r/Esperanto "
 "Travel. Volunteer.  Hell, do both at the same time. "Minimum wage has been constantly increased for years now. And look how well that has worked."
 "Ba da tish"
 "it may be hard to imagine, but there are still places in the US where you would have to travel for many miles to find any kind of store -let alone one that has contraceptives in stock, nor a hospital in reasonable distance should a birth occur.  If I never got to see other states, I'd never realize how bad some states or areas of states are if you were looking to get your freak on and have protection. Some have it rather rough out there.  "
 "To keep losing weight, I'm over half-way there :)"
 "Creativelive.com   hands down amazing if you want to learn about photography, lighting or graphic design"
 "If you're dating someone who gets grenades thrown at them, you're missing a fairly obvious red flag."
 "Clearly I must be a troll since I play pokemon."
 "I would debate that your definition of a living wage is worthwhile. My definition of a living wage would include enough resources to improve your situation. That's the whole idea behind capitalism, that you generate enough resources that the spare resources can be used to create more efficiency, right?  Just because people misuse something doesn't mean that the idea itself doesn't have any merit. The concept has worth and use, but I don't believe it can be universally applied in any meaningful way. The big problem is that a lot of the proponents of a \"Living Wage\" assume:  * That's there's only one living wage, when everyone is in a different situation (e.g. the \"living wage\" for a solo parent with 2 kids is different to a \"living wage\" for a two parent/one child family, and the living wage will be different in different areas due to cost of living) * That all people need a living wage (e.g. a 15 year old middle-class child living with his parents doesn't need to earn a living wage) * That it's always the responsibility of the company or government to supply a long-term living wage to all people under their purview (i.e. that no responsibility falls on the person in question to change their situation by moving to a cheaper area, finding or working towards a higher paying job by getting education or specific experience, working more hours, choosing not to support people who aren't your responsibility etc.)"
 "because it is so much easier for some?"
 "You completely misunderstand how business works if you think an owner does \"absolutely nothing\" but reap profit.  "
 "I choose the capsules since the taste isn't that fabulous. Also, I'm a small female (5'2\" and 110lbs or so), so I generally start with just one capsule. However, my husband generally takes two capsules.   If you're wanting to stay on the cautious end or don't necessarily plan on getting completely shit-faced, then I would start with one capsule. However, if you're going for the gold, then I would suggest taking two. Make sure you take it with food as it sometimes causes a little stomach upset for some people.   Also... I would suggest following up with another capsule after about 4 hours (if you're still conscious) ;p  Have fun and BE SAFE!!! ;)"
 "Mumford and Sons all accidentally get each other mandolins for Christmas"
 "I deeply apologize for the seemingly impossible chance to explain that comment. Please pull another number and try again.   Lava is more intense than fire and to try and make a  parallel with the previous comment about it being intense. "
 "In London there are signs on every escalator on the tube "
 "Thats...Impressive."
 "Latin, to make my upcoming latin class easy."
 "I keep hearing the bassy music Cyriak uses while I watch this repeat 20 times!"
 "Same. I read it and couldn't believe it. Once I got confirmation through Arya, I couldn't keep reading for days "
 "/r/tlhInganHol "
 "Open a bottle of champagne.  You should hold the cork and twist the bottle. Some people let the cork fly, some people yank the cork. Both are wrong and can really mess shit up."
 "I don't.  I have a fantastic boss who gives me projects and doesn't micromanage, who knows all the ins and outs and can help me understand what everything means, is flexible, and treats me like an adult.  What more could anyone ask for?"
 "We are going to be armed with tons of camping equipment. Hopefully we will only have to stay the night in a hotel maybe once or twice in the three weeks we have planned to spend out and about.     edit- typing is hard"
 "ITT: a bizarrely high amount of Lord of the Rings references. "
 "My Nexus 4 cost $250 new, unlocked, and ready to use. It costs me $30 a month for my plan. It includes unlimited internet and texting, and 100 minutes. Not expensive. The plan can be signed up for at Walmart, and any unlocked GSM or 4G SIM enabled phone can be used, including used iPhones.  When looking for a job, Internet is a must, and ready access to email is pretty important. The longer it takes you to respond the less likely you are to get the job.  Also, Coach is one of the highest counterfeited products in the US, so don't assume just because it says Coach they paid $300 for it."
 "Seconded. It's 30 billion dollars bigger than China, Russia, UK, Japan, France, Saudi Arabia, India, Germany, Italy, and Brazil "I like it better this way."
 "You have to squat down and keep your back straight if you are attempting to lift heavy objects"
 "Um, do we? I say patty and paddy differently, one is pat-t and the other is pad-d. IDK how else to explain it bu t I had a similar discussion about pin and pen the other day. Someone said they were the same so I asked if pig and peg are the same. They are not, they are similar and easily confused but not the same. "
 "I think most people cum when their balls drop. "
 "Just tell them. Putting it off will only look worse.   Out of curiousity, what are you more afraid of or what do you think they'll be most upset about: that they think you're too young or that you guys aren't married? Also, who is older?"
 "This is a capitalist country. The system isn't designed so that everyone succeeds. I'm not taking a stance and saying I agree or disagree, but that's just the facts of the matter. When thinking about how much to pay someone, you have to look at several factors:  1. How many people out there can perform your job? Obviously, the vast majority of the human race can work a job at McDonalds. If you don't like the work, there's thousands of others who will do it. 2. What is the quality of work you provide? Are you flipping burgers or are you splitting atoms? 3. How good are you at that job? For example, my father worked as a painter. He was one of the best painters at his company, so he got paid way more than most people at the company.  Yes, a job at McDonalds is a shit job that requires a lot of work. However, the job isn't designed to pay enough to someone so they can raise a family or keep that job forever."
 "start voting republican"
 "My good friend actually told me this because if there is ever a discrepancy, you have proof and you dont rely on someone else."
 "Mini roundabouts started showing up in the US several years ago, and I swear to god they are secretly driving all of us *more* insane than before. "
 "Read it as brother instead of mother. So confused.."
 "But I'll give it a good old college try."
 "The M in the YMCA dance."
 "Yeah, except that's it's based on Intro Macro supply/demand curves that really don't answer the question.   Why is it that an advanced, wealthy society has decided that a full-time job at minimum wage rates isn't enough to support an individual?  "
 "It was actually done that way so you can pick women up and carry them like a six-pack."
 "I use condoms and can usually feel the pulsing."
 "Sky dived... Sky doved? I went sky diving!"
 "Aw, son of a bitch."
 "Why not the two?"
 "Along the same lines, ignore the bullies, turn the other cheek, etc. "
 "Just leave it there"
 "/r/Quenya   /r/sindarin "
 "Drugs Win Drug War   Image: "They swear at their customer service people."
 "I have a dog that is a complete mutt. He has really long fur and moves around pretty slowly, so it doesn't look like he shows much emotion. However, whenever I get home, he bolts to the door, jumps up on his hind legs and puts his paws on my shoulders, before resting his head between my neck and his foot. Now, I like to think I'm pretty tough, but that stuff just melts me every single time. My other 100 pound shaggy black lab likes to play fetch with rocks..."
 "Funny you say that.... it seems the more my salary increases, the more I stare at a wall when I'm at work.    Also, you don't have to explain high school economics.  This is growing way beyond a supply/demand issue.    At some point, you have to admit that not all poor people are lazy.  There's plenty of well-educated people who can't get jobs in their fields and end up resorting to minimum wage jobs.  But I suppose you're fine with those people struggling to make ends meet as well."
 "That's true you ever see someone frown on a jet ski?"
 "Wings"
 "It will become automated/mechanized if wages rise enough for it to be more profitable. "
 "That was so 2011."
 "I'm a dude with long hair, and I often wake up with strands of my own hair around my dick. No idea how."
 "Tagpro! I first heard of it in a web games thread about a month ago, and now I can't stop playing "
 "[Man Knows Unsettling Amount About Nationwide Age-Of-Consent "Going Clear by Lawrence Wright. The definitive report on Scientology and how this multi-million $ scam came into being and managed to lure in Travolta, Cruise, and other troubled celebrities while destroying countless lives along the way.  Riveting book from a Pulitzer winning journalist about a subject that more people should be aware of."
 "That's cute. Don't trouble yourself. I got this. Sincerely, Evolution "
 "Does Kenny count?"
 "Just mayonnaise, I mean straight from the jar. The sound of gagging will be loud enough. "
 "Marley and Me: My house had a golden retriever that was looked and acted exactly like the dog did in the movie.  My family saw the movie, in theaters, a month or two after our dog died.  We didn't see the end of the movie..."
 "Whenever my parrot sees me he says \"really?\" Like he's had enough of my bullshit."
 "Why.... I was three hundred away, I was so close."
 " -someone apologizes for something-  must be canadianHAHAHAHAHAHAAH. Same with Australia and 'cunt'. We get it, shut the fuck up.  "
 "Because it is a competition. Businesses want to pay you as low as they can and employees want to be paid as much as they can. Did you talk to your uppers about wanting a pay raise? If not, then what incentive would they have to pay you more if it appears you'll do the same job for the lowest price possible?"
 "Skylar Grey and NPH"
 "Switch to a barefoot running style. Not actually barefoot, but barefoot-style running shoes with little to no support. It'll take a while to adjust, and it might be a little painful along the way, but in the long run, your feet will be stronger and your running times improved. I've read a lot saying how it even gives arches to those with flat feet. Of course, this is a highly debated matter, with a lot of information from both sides. But in my experience, my running really took off (I too am fit but scrawny) once I started running without and padded sneakers."
 "Lord of the rings: return of the king"
 "Why is there an accent on the a? I though accents are not used in russian."
 "No, I think I fucked it up. Gimme 5 minutes and check again."
 "Got married!"
 "Gun control. Meh. I'm on the fence constitutionally, tend to believe it'd be safer not to have them around, but one of the items on my bucket list involves the wildly inappropriate use of a Beretta, so..."
 "I own a dachshund.  She is the sweetest strangest thing. A lot of it is typical doxie stuff though. She does this little stretch with get bum in the air. She will stay in any position if you start petting her.  She sticks her entire head in the snow to sniff.    If I'm sitting on my chair and she walks into the room she jumps through the arm (computer chair) and tries to squeeze behind my back.  She will attempt to burrow just about anything.   My favorite though is that I feed her after she goes to the bathroom every morning so age will run circles around me until we get to the laundry room (where the back door is) and then stands in the door way wagging her tail until I make eye contact then she spins around and high tails it to her bowl... As if the laundry room has power over her food bowl being filled. "
 "Although, thought penetration sounds pretty fucking sexy..."
 "In Cali, the second you hesitate, we're for sure taking your turn!"
 "I mean couldn't you say the same thing about inner city or union types? Neither are known being super intelligent.  Do you want to win an election?  I'm quite worried about 2016."
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "I rang up and complained a bunch, After I complained they un-throttled my internet..But it happened again, and eventually I just changed ISP to one that isn't as shit.   Virgin media is disgusting and never go to them unless you can afford the max cost package, they'll limit your speed to like 0.5kb/s (I'm not kidding) Unless you are paying like 50 a month for internet, and considering my area has a max of like 1mb/s, paying for 50mb/s is a huge waste.    tl;dr read smallprint and google around before you buy from a bad ISP."
 "Going to Google to type in a URL."
 "Giggled, my mom says that all the time"
 "My best memory with my dad would be when I was 10 playing football in the park really late at night with him and spending some father and son time while knowing i was completely safe."
 "See the reply I made to the other guy that replied to me. I think it's essentially the same thing I would have said to you."
 "When people hold spoons like a fucking caveman. "
 "Out of those 4? Mellow, and a bit of peaceful. Honestly, being impulsive probably makes for better stories, and I would love to just do a complete change for maybe a couple of days, but in the end I also like having a clear head with logical thoughts."
 "/r/Ithkuil "
 "Handling/operating firearms.  Here's a squirt gun....  You can hold a real gun when I see you handling the squirt gun correctly."
 "however, the earth IS overpopulated, and a reduction in the Number of children being born (not a cessation) could be very useful in the long run."
 "I do not wear fivefingers, I wear New Balance Minimus.  Insult me all you want, but I never had an injury in those shoes while teammates fell by the wayside as the season went on"
 "1. you would screw up the land/ property value  2. there is only so much resource in the world putting a cost on it will limit the amount that people spend. "
 "Well, seeing how bad Reddit is at economics, I can only imagine people will want to demand laws for goods to be sold lower than costs and then act surprised that there are shortages of the goods because no one wants to produce something at below cost. "
 "Sorry man, I didn't mean anything against you at all. I'm just a feeling pretty shitty and not thinking very straight."
 "Set up a skype call with some friends who are also at home tonight. Maybe go out into the closest city, or place of high population density, and just see where the night takes you; who knows, you could meet your soul mate out there"
 "If you're old enough to have a baby, you should be old enough to tell your folks.  There's no secret.  \"Mom, Dad...we're having a baby\" would probably be a good start.  They may be a little upset and they'll probably be a little concerned for your future and how you'll be able to take care of it since you're so young, but they're also going to be grandparents and if they're decent people, they'll want to be a part of that and help out where they can."
 "If you're not already doing these:  1) start exercising (resistance training) r/fitness can help  2) learn to play an instrument, personally I prefer the acoustic guitar, very portable and very cool /r/guitarlessons and /r/Guitar   3) Learn a foreign language"
 "Happy new year reddit!"
 "However that inequality can take the form of income. And IMO, income is the hardest inequality to deal with."
 "What are your plans for 2014?"
 "*Exactly,* BlackCaaaaat."
 "It's this attitude that really grinds my gears. You would pay someone next to no nothing, cause fuck them, someone else would do it if they quit? And never mind they can't pay their bills? What about empathy?"
 "Yup. Before editing, they had it wrong "
 "This is probably the most helpful comment I've seen thus far.  Typically I'm not looking for specifics when I'm asking \"where/what do you wanna \"x\"\".  "
 "Well it's not true anyway."
 "Hey, be fair. Italy deserves more than 10% of the credit for defeating one of the Axis powers."
 "retarded ritrdid/ adjective 1. less advanced in mental, physical, or social development than is usual for one's age.  Sounds like a good synonym to me."
 "Alabama. The civil rights museum in Birmingham is worth a trip. Or you can go find places where that movement has not quite reached yet."
 "Stacy's mom if her names Stacy"
 "And if you need help. /r/electronic_cigarette"
 "~~No my dogs name is rainbows, I'm jizz.~~ His name is Leo."
 "I love you too, Ham Authority."
 "signs*"
 "Yea, the first time I saw a tomato and a textbook hit the ground at the same time, I was floored. "
 "Sausage dogs only contain 20% sausage, the rest is made up of dog and other dog related materials such as bark and tail."
 "Are you okay?"
 "So you pretty much hate pro gun rights and pro lifers?"
 "*shrug* It happens. I'm finally over it after a long while :)"
 "My miniature poodle/dachshund mix (who was raised by hand) will burrow her head into my shoulder when I've been away for a while or when she is scared. It is the sweetest thing."
 "Throwaway for this but in my boyfriends mothers case, I am his fucking slave, she sends me texts everyday like:  -Cook him dinner, include meat, veg and pudding. -buy him shopping -Make the bed -Put his clothes away -Put his dirty clothes in laundry bags. -Make sure he eats. -Don't stay over at his place.  I swear to god, I would understand if I was his fucking wife. "
 "Passengers Bravely Take Down Plane Showing Big Momma's House 2"
 "Yep. We live in Canton, OH. "
 "Getting to the point. For example, I often have to skip to the middle of a Youtube video to find the true beginning of a discussion or how-to."
 "Wordbook"
 "um, no? You applaud the dancers' solos if they're well-executed."
 "indeed correct.  non-parents don't see it when there is nothing to see.  hey non-parents .. make a conscious decision to count the behaves vs. the mis-behaves and talley up the total after a week or two."
 "Well it's not true anyway."
 "Including YOUR username. "
 "It's not a problem, it's a large school... the chapter at the University of Pittsburgh. "
 "What?!? Holy Cannoli! Thanks so much, reddit stranger! Happy New Year! ;)  *raises her glass to you*"
 "I mean, what do the little bastards need the shield for? Their balls are on the inside!"
 "I've seen some downright stupid questions on AskReddit. I think you may have actually asked the worst one of 2013. But, you never know, somebody may do better in the next few hours.  (If it is already 2014 where OP is. You have a good chance of locking up the 2014 competition on the first day of the year) "
 "Yes, with my right hand"
 "Poop first. "
 "Using their brain. I just don't understand how so many people can walk around with their brain on standby."
 "My cat poops when I do."
 " Greed alone would force prices up.  Unless there's illegal price fixing or no competition, this would not work as there would be other companies who could still profit without raising wages and thereby offer a lower price point, driving the greedy company out of business."
 "Love is giving someone the ability to hurt you but trusting them not to."
 "Thanks you, Mr Obvious"
 "Don't forget about /r/DOPE_AS_FUCK_COOKING"
 "they usually chuckle and move on"
 "Well Thai people go along with it "
 "Looking back at 56 years old, a couple of thoughts.  When I graduated from HS in 1975 a HS graduate could not get a job, no not even at fast food.  To quote a manager he was giving any jobs he had to people with children.  Went and did my time in the military and got out of the service to an improved market.  At that time I started working as a roofer then a mechanic then into a slaughter house.  As the years progressed my pay increased but more importantly my life skills broadened.  Continuing I drove concrete block truck then started managing a farm.  One particularly bad winter day I was told about a aide job at a state run psychiatric hospital, and while there I discovered nursing realizing I could do that and make a lot more money.  After 4 years of working full time night shift and going to school full time during the day (I had 2 children to support and a lazy wife).  After graduating as an RN have never looked back.  There have been years I have made over 120k, yes a lot of over time.  My point is there were several jobs I had the I could have \"Lived on\"  but had they paid more I would not have gained the knowledge base for life or the desire to improve my situation.  If you want to flip burgers the rest of your life accept the pay level.  Also ask yourself how many people do you know personally that do a good job and only make minimum wage.  Look at many of the McDonalds or Walmart employee are they ready worth more money?  Not from my experience."
 "What's your fantasy by ludacris"
 "What do you mean?"
 "spend money on products from a company, that that person deems a bad company."
 "You can't fix a broken person, especially if they don't want to be fixed."
 "Bummer. "
 "\"Bonjour les eleves!\"   \"Hey, hey what did you just call me?!?! Bonjour yourself you cunt!\""
 "I think it's a bit different then that as well.  You're right that most people are responsible for their lives and those who aren't can be given helping hands from the government and otherwise but there are people out there who don't qualify for assistance and aren't \"able\" to work 40+ hours a week.  There are scenarios that exist that don't cover the ability to work 40 hours like... transportation, job availability, job skill level.  Let's say your parents end up working in a upper middle class area, but as a kid you were dumb and got arrested 3 times for random offenses.  You can't simply magic 40 hours of work for you to get paid by.  It's not that the person is unable to work at a job, or is mentally unfit, or anything else beyond his past shining a poor reflection on him.  When we're talking about a society we move away from individuals and attempt to create rules that bind the society together.  So if you're looking at it from an ethical standpoint there will be a threshold of \"fuck you\" to people in your society.  The goal is to have that threshold be a low as possible because if it's not societies with poor infrastructure and high unemployment tend to have higher crime, death, ect. rates than those without.  Private companies aren't forcing you to steal things, society is because there are no available positions for you and you gotta eat.  The resolutions you posit suggests that all humans are self motivating with abilities to work without government assistance.  However government assistance only provides SOME assistance to SOME people.  Then you get into another societal problem of \"happiness\" and quality of life for it's citizens.  Working 50-60 hours a week not to die of starvation seems like a pretty shitty job.  Anyway, I'm rambling just food for thoughts."
 "Thank you!  The suspense was killing me.  Now I can focus on refreshing the front page of Reddit..."
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Pool triangle.  That lip on it isnt for more traction on the pool table, its to put your fingers under to lift it off after racking the balls.   So please put it right side up ;-)"
 "And handling that nice separated package of innards. Almost puts you off turkey. Almost. "
 "Algebra."
 "And the kidneys... the color is all wrong."
 "If what I was wearing on the day of Halloween counts as my costume, i'm afraid if i leave my house ill be arrested for public indecency.   "
 "The worst? I'd say having to go to work during New Years Eve. "
 "Not necessarily wrong, but less efficient: peeling a banana from the stem side..."
 "When you have multiple relationships that require a lot of attention (family, friends, SO, etc.), make sure you're giving each of them the right enough of it, or else it'll pile up and get worse. "
 "I can't believe it either"
 "Wake up..."
 "/r/Indigenous_languages   /r/endangeredlanguages "
 "You can do what you want, but you have to be able to take the fact that makes it okay for someone to do it to you."
 "Basically, be an adult!"
 "Shaun of the dead. What a fantastic film! "
 "Petco is currently having their $1 per gallon sale if you live in the states. It goes until January 25 and is a great opportunity to pick up a 10 or 20 gallon aquarium for cheap. a good resource to get started :)"
 "More theories than spoilers. Some really good theories too. "
 "The most in pain, terminally ill person I could find."
 " and he'll be forced to like you!  Or you just might disappear one night."
 "Me and my brother were actually notorious for being well behaved during dinners etc when we were kids.  why? because if we caused trouble our parents would just pack up and take us home within 5 min, no questions. and if we went home (never happened really) it was straight to bed.   honestly one of the best ways to teach chilsdren mannera, if you can't treat people right you shouldn't be around people"
 "This. Food is at the centre of everything: Health, finances, entertainment. If you can't cook, you can't live effectively. I'm not talking gourmet, but just being able to make a stir fry, spaghetti bolognese, lasagne, a roast dinner, a basic soup, an omelette.... Simple, cheap, easy meals that are tasty and nutritious."
 "Ohhhh yesssssssssssss infinite despair!"
 "/u/lion_on_the_floor will be supplying the blood. For a price."
 "Oh it ain't for friendship, if you put me on the spot like that, your uppance will come."
 "Or like, no period at all preferably."
 "a lot of places require a deposit though, youre looking at paying rent on the old place for your 30 days notice, rent on the NEW place so you can begin moving in, and a deposit, which is usually about one months rent as well. insane."
 "Not much in my area, lots in the extended area that requires travel or public transit, dressing up, and dropping more coin than I want.  Even if that weren't an issue, BF had emergency dental surgery last night so now he's down for the count with painkillers.  And we're scheduled to fly out tomorrow at 10AM anyway, so we have to leave at like 830 for the airport- probably best that we not go out, or else likelihood of getting any sleep is minimal."
 "Holding their camera phone in the proper orientation when shooting video. It's only very rarely I see people do this correctly."
 "Supposebly, I've never seen it though."
 "Yeah, i dunno. I can't remember what I thought while writing it, but it makes sense."
 "So far 50% reddit orientated "
 "I don't know what that means."
 "I didn't know that people actually did this wrong until I saw a pin on Pinterest about it... Come on seriously? The wavy side is ugly, of course you'd put it wavy side down. People are dumb."
 "We need to all be born looking the same, and become more or less attractive based on our personalities. "
 "That will be the first time I applaud anything happening in China for...actually I wasn't even born the last time they did anything worth praising. "
 "I had a passionate relationship like that. It's honestly the best and worst at the same time.. best because 'I get to see her! HELL YEAH! :D'  The worst because.. I won't see her for 2 weeks? Que depression and constant desire for contact.  That was also my most volatile relationship, we had the highest highs and usually things worked well... It worked 100% of the time I let her have her way, and I was happy to for a long time which made it so I couldn't change how much say I had without everyone around us thinking I was doing something wrong to her. I just wanted a say in what was happening in my/our lives. :|  If I could do it all over again I wouldn't have dated her, I gave up a very promising career and most likely being an extremely successful man in something I love for passionate love with a girl I truly loved. I regret it whenever I think of it, but I completely understand how I felt when I was there so I'm not upset about it.  This is my story, and I hope to find someone like it again. I wish you and your SO the best! :)"
 "Now that I've discovered what you mean to me..."
 "Like what? "
 "We are all stars."
 "Sherlock Holmes oh god.   First of all, likely smarter than any of us could hope to be. He could easily manipulate you if he can justify it to himself. Maybe he wouldn't, since to be your spouse he would probably have feelings for you, but the ability is there and the power balance in the relationship would be way off. The guy is arrogant and cold and only really passionate about solving crimes. He doesn't take care of himself: has unhealthy eating habits, smokes, uses cocaine and morphine. He hoards papers and would be a mess to live with, especially with all the poisonous tobacco smoke in the air and his odd hours and dangerous shenanigans.   Basically, Watson is a better man than I to put up with such a shitty roomie. Truly a first-rate guy, bless him.  "
 "Which then comes back to the question, why would someone with absolutely no skills or talents think they should be entitled to not live with their parents?  "
 "Yep."
 "I'm sure he is sweet, but you can't deny you've made him sound a little crazy/intimidating (telling someone you're gonna shoot them, even in jest, is a little whacky!)."
 "Where do you apply for such a class?"
 "For a mix of machine and human languages, /r/lojban."
 "Lucky bastard."
 "The clitoris is analogous to the head of the penis. It's super sensitive but stimulation of just that part doesn't always lead to orgasm."
 "Holy Shit: Man Lands on Fucking Moon."
 "The one post that was just a picture of a pancake that reached the front page"
 "If her plumage turns green, she wants you to approach."
 "You are a good man."
 "Most people are lazy? It's easy to get ahead? Wow....."
 "Check out u/nickaus1 in the Austin subredsit"
 "That headache to start 2014..."
 "Which then comes back to the question, why would someone with absolutely no skills or talents think they should be entitled to not live with their parents?  "
 "your mom sounds like a real bitch. I'd like her."
 "5 beers in 2-3 hours makes you legally drunk? "
 "Yeah definitely no argument from me there, that's downright stupid."
 "did your lighter sell? I put you in the \"circle back to\" bookmark folder. I actually bid on the auction up to $50..."
 "Nothing steady water changes can't fix.  "
 "I had a makeup artist do my wedding makeup, and I was fucking blown away by how beautiful I looked.  I'm not a big makeup girl (I own tons, ironically, but I only use the same three items daily) but I have been trying a little harder since that girl showed me what it could do.  My favorite part is to disprove my husbands claim that \"makeup doesn't make a girl prettier\" or that I \"look just as good without it\".  Bull shit, man.  Seeing him look at me when I've taken the time to apply some proper eyeshadow is priceless."
 "Good luck my friend. Never give up. "
 "I hate big crowds and loud sounds. All of my friends are with their families. I am also with mine, but they don't really get hyped up about NYE. "
 "huh?"
 "But I don't want hot bitches... :/"
 "They pull from the same database so they have the same stuff.  Check out \"Chiisana Kuma\" if you haven't. It's fucking hilarious."
 "Don't mow someone else's lawn."
 "Once or twice."
 "Even among geniuses someone has to scrub the toilets.    And that's the reason why your view doesn't work.  Because not everyone can work at the top tiers or the high end jobs.  But those without the skills or ambition do deserve a livable wage for their time.  In your philosophy we might as well break down those that don't meet a minimum intellectual and physical standard into nutrient paste.  Cause fuck it they'd be more problematic treating them as human beings than disposable commodities.  "
 "Yes! Durango Mountain Resort (we call it Purgatory still) has an alpine slide in the summer. It's a lot of fun! "
 "I would be mad, but that's actually kinda impressive"
 "Skittles are very appropriate. "
 "/r/gallifreyan "
 "Throw in a kid, medical condition, sick family member, higher cost of living, etc. Some living expenses are not a product of choice and are necessary. Living that close to the edge of what is possible is why over a million children in the USA might not eat today. The point is not to identify the bleeding edge of possibility for someone who is in a relatively advantageous position. Rather, you need some level which keeps an appreciable percentage of working folks above living on the streets. Factor in rising costs associated with inflation and minimum wage adjustments become necessary just to keep the wage floor consistent with inflation adjusted cost of living. "
 "Sean Bean, does it even need to be said?"
 "I was hoping that case had 1 million."
 "You double-commented."
 "Actually, I see this system in Walmarts more often than any other store, at least in Canada. Every Walmart that I've been to that has been built or majorly renovated within the last 5-8 years or so has this.   They use a light system, like you say. Whenever a register is free, the cashier presses a button and their number flashes and a voice says \"please proceed to register X\"."
 "Cats. "
 "Come on. They deserve each other."
 "I wish I could be this deluded. Life would be so much more simple. "
 "Very well then...  Once upon a time, there was a young man who traipsing along ye olde road through the city of Belfast. Our particular hero was minding his own business when from out of nowhere, he hears a cry from a damsel in distress, being ravaged by a horde of angry trolls. Even though the odds were against him, the young man wasted no time in drawing his sword and running to the young maiden's aid.  With his first strike, he cleaved the first troll's head from its shoulders and quickly rounded on the others. One lunged at him; his gargantuan hands the size of an anvil. The young man sidestepped the strike and swiftly chopped off the attacking troll's arm, causing him to howl in pain and anger. Taking advantage of his temporary weakened state, the man thrust his sword deep into the wounded troll's heart, killing him instantly.  As the second troll fell in a heap at the man's feet, he turned to face the final troll, his sword dripping with the blood of his two fallen comrades. Upon seeing the rage and anger in the young man's eyes, the final troll turned and fled for his life. But it was not enough, as the young man hurled his sword after the final troll, sending it arching through the air, as it reached it's intended target and embedded itself in the third troll's back between its shoulders and it fell face first into the ground.   With the assailants defeated, our young hero turned to the young maiden and helped her to her feet.   \"Brave sir!\" she began, \"you have done me a great deed in rescuing me. However can I repay your heroics?\"  \"Fairest maiden,\" the hero replied, \"I ask for nothing in return. Save that you simply ask HBO to include me in their list of extras for the upcoming filming of series 4 of Game of Thrones!\"  \"Consider your wish granted\" she said  And so it came to pass, that on the 18th day of the 10th month of the two thousand and thirteenth year, and again on the 25th day of the same month of the same year, that our young hero had his wish granted and got to meet that totally hot blond babe with the dragons...Danaerys, yeah, that's her name; and some other totally awesome characters from the show  **The end**  **TL;DR**: was walking down in Belfast, somebody from Extras NI asked me if I wanted to be in GoT, I said yes. Was paid handsomely for doing very little. Got to see some of the cast. "
 "Hoverboards and flying cars. "
 "Never cheat. Ever. "
 "Money doesn't buy happiness, but it avoids misery"
 "I like your logic; you're going places!^(specifically, out the sunroof.) "
 "Lol. You are not a clever man "
 "I find them in my butt crack, it's disgusting "
 "How else do you provide evidence if not with scholarly citations?  It also depends on the definition of evidence you use. If you use this definition: \"the available body of facts or information indicating whether a belief or proposition is true or valid,\" then it is obvious that by evidence, you mean that you want the OP to prove the model is accurate. It's not as obvious with a definition such as: \"anything presented in support of an assertion.\" It isn't clear which definition you were using."
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "No, but you can rent happiness."
 "low interest   student loan  If only.... :("
 "That the fear of failure can prevent you from achieving things you want out of life."
 "Just friends?"
 "A thousand times this.  Only topped by the family gaggle listlessly standing across the whole isle or friends crossing paths and stopping to have an in depth analysis of their lives."
 "Oh! I know that one! I'm pretty sure they're for the smell. I don't think people eat them, but they're called urinal cakes."
 "Since I am a Dodger fan, would there be any way to make up for that? Because I will never like any San Francisco teams.. "
 "If you're asking how you can not know, it's because it's not obvious from looking at the device, most people don't read instructions and only tech-savvy people can be expected to know about the traditional holding the power button hardware switch.  If you're asking how to turn an iPhone off, hold the power button."
 "I hope someone shoots that entire fucking family in every limb and then the face because they fucking deserve it.  Fucking bullshit."
 "The point is to have mobility when you want it AND stability when you need it. All joints can \"become\" universal at your own discretion"
 "Virginia Represent!"
 "Have you ever actually kept a new years resolution? What was it?"
 "do i have to eat it with my feet?"
 "Justin thinks he's cool, when in reality EVERYONE thinks he's an idiotic creep."
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "[Darling, will you spend the next six to ten years with "Someone who fucking sucks at conversations. I'm trying to talk to you, don't fucking act like a tree and talk back and be interesting, its a lot more awkward if you say one line things and never contribute to the conversation. "
 "Thanks for the reply. Do you like them to become completely known by the end of the book - or do you like them to remain a little bit mysterious? I tend to leave the main characters in my writing to stay just slightly in the shadows. Bill"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "This one. We just had to take our adopted dog back to the shelter because his aggression issues were too much for us, especially since we're trying to get pregnant. We had him for 5 months and he became a member of our family. It was way harder to say goodbye than I could have ever imagined. At least we know the shelter is a great one and he is very loved there so they will help train him and find him another home in no time. "
 "X-men so that I could possibly have some sort of power. "
 "For my enemy to be multiplied by zero. (0*2)/2 is still zero"
 "mmmmmm arwen"
 "Gotta be Kenny. "
 "If I'm running with my dog, sometimes she just decides to lie down on the grass and roll over for a belly rub."
 "every thread"
 "Are u not entertained!!!!!!"
 "My step-father always slams his foot on the floor exlaiming he just killed that barking spider."
 "I always end up crushing on Nicks. I don't know what it is about them! Never dated one yet though. "
 "And billions. "
 "only if he Didn't know it Already"
 "I don't know the name of the guy, but I'm guessing he's gunna be black."
 "YES!!! At work everybody either says \"supposebly\" or \"supposevly\", it drives me crazy!!"
 "1. Remove private property. 2. There are plenty enough resources in the world.  "
 "The stove is hot. "
 "Don't be a bitch, just do it"
 "That's awesome. :) Yeah, as you suggested, I don't think I will be able to work those things. However, another redditor did mention that speaking with a local university art professor might help, so maybe I should look to see if there is a design technology professor available, as well. Thanks a lot! If I happen to meet a friendly dentist, I'll ask about some gold, too! Haha. :)"
 "Eliminate the use of the words 'ratchet' and 'turnt up' from my students vocabulary.   "
 "allahu akbar  (it would be truly epic)"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Get drunk while having a movie marathon."
 "If you see Sean Bean, you should just assume he dies. I saw an article on this subject and he was #2, can't remember who #1 was."
 "Is it any more wrong for a company to underpay their workers than it is for a worker who will happily work for less to not return a portion of his salary at year's end?"
 "Damn. Commenting to save this. Thanks"
 "\"I made water for Brad and friends.\""
 "/r/Sumerian "
 "nail on the head, exactly my problem with current women  "
 "80's style rock is cool. Any kind of rock is cool."
 "You are correct. The pill fails for about 3 in 1000 women per year with perfect use. If she misses them or takes them late, then you need to use the \"typical use\" effectiveness figure, which iirc is eighty something percent."
 "Its 2013 right now."
 "So many losers in [this "[Not exactly the inspiration for my username, "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind. Nerdy guy gets to bang Kate Winslett then forget all about the breakup when the relationship inevitably goes awry. I'm there."
 "Only 9 weeks. :) Don't know yet."
 "a digestive system that can keep up with modern food"
 "I can assure you, I don't hear that very often."
 "I'd like to see it cut in half so it's still way bigger than every other country in the world, but, you know, in half.  Of course USA is sort of the military of last resort of the entire world.  When NATO can't do it, USA can do it. When Japan and South Korea can't do it, USA can do it. So there is a reason it has such a huge budget  When Russia has a problem at the 2014 Olympics, there is probably gonna be some US Naval assets nearby to help out."
 "I work at Marshall's and we have this. It's pretty baller."
 "Yes, and I'm saying that's ridiculous. Not just in principle, but demonstrably so. Richard Wagner for example, was by your measure a terrible person with no integrity, yet he produced some of the most brilliant pieces of music in history. (Ditto Ludwig van Beethoven). Mark Zuckerberg is a demonstrable asshole, and yet he gave the world it's major social network. John Nash, a gifted genius by anyone's measure, was a completely selfish asshole. The world has been gifted many wonderful things, and been built up by the works of monstrous men.  What you are saying makes no sense."
 "Public education- because I disagree with the idea of sending millions of dollars overseas to help other countries with their natural disasters when we have homeless, sick, and hungry people in our own country who need help. I think education is a big part of that- then again, I may be a bit biased as a teacher, but I don't think someone's zipcode should determine the quality of education that they receive."
 "Oh okay, I'll check it later on desktop."
 "Let me just refer you directly to the source: /r/gentlemanboners "
 "Which Is why I was curious as to the details haha"
 " shareholder  "
 "Hi dad. "
 "DONT BRING THAT UP"
 "/r/sindarin   /r/Quenya "
 "Surprisingly, with the huge ice storm we got last week, I actually saw this working correctly in East Lansing. The intersection is a 4 lane divided highway one way, and a 2 lane road the other way. Every day on my way to and from work I was amazed to see everyone working the 4 way stop properly."
 "You must be talking shit."
 "Frowneyface"
 "Japanese. I love Japan and the history and culture it has...and I watch too much anime"
 "How about a usb port for our brain? And the ability to upload/download memories or consciousness. "
 "Thanks :)"
 "\"I don't want to set the world on fiiiiiirre.\""
 "I have. Seems as though we have read some completely different material you 14 year old goon "
 "Scientology. Probably the most useless of subjects."
 "This is why I love our society, we're so quick to just blame the person and tell them it's their fault (yeah, you can claim that's not what you were fishing for here, but I dont believe it for a second)"
 "Which then comes back to the question, why would someone with absolutely no skills or talents think they should be entitled to not live with their parents?     I shouldn't have to pay for the fact you think you are above living in your childhood room, especially since that person has the same skillset as a child. "
 "Don't blame myself for something I had no control over."
 "I didn't revise it to make sense. I dumbed it down for you. And apparently you got it after that!"
 "Most of the times its fuck I don't want to drink and drive but a cab will take like fucking 3 hours to get here, my buddy is fucking way drunker than me, no one is gonna pick me up, and the place isn't that far away.  I don't drink and drive anymore, but I ride with people from time to time, and its never like a \"I know what you did last summer\" thing where we are speeding down the highway hanging out the sunroof with a bottle of jack. Most of the time it's nice and easy ride where you are very paranoid.  Most of the time the driver isn't shitfaced hammered, there just aren't alot of options.  "
 "sorry for that, I should have put a spoiler warning"
 "Heart breaking. I always thought that I wanted to serve. Although I'm to old now. But that photo... Out of the countless I've seen has had the most impact on me. The look on his face while holding his friends lifeless hand. Now I don't know if I'd have the gall the have done it. Thank you sirs ( the soldiers) for your service and sacrifice. God bless you all. "
 "Checking my suspicians i found unaccounted for DNA on the  crotch of her thong"
 "Internalized homophobia is such a downer. "
 "This is how Americans would use roundabouts"
 "/r/ithkuil?"
 "Right. Homeopathics [which can't legally be called a cure for anything in the US] are a potential effective treatment through the placebo effect. The problem is with statements/claims by these manufacturers which need to be restricted... unfortunately there was a law that passed during the Clinton-era (90s) that allowed homeopathics to be treated as drugs/active ingredients in medicines. (Active ingredients are what enables a manufacturer to make a claim)  They need their active ingredient/drug status to be revoked.. not made illegal"
 "You said \"easily pay a 16 year old living with their parents HALF the wage...\" Half of $7.25 would be $3.625. So I was taking the number directly from your own post. And the reason you can't imagine the difference between a 16 year old and a 30 year old doing the same job with differing degrees of ability is because you have never managed both.  Right now I have 40 HS school students working for me, NONE of them are scheduled more than 20 hours, none of them are meeting our attendance guidelines (they are all below 75%) and only 1/3 of them are meeting our production guidelines. Take a look at anyone over the age of 20 on the project and it's like night and day. The reason you can't imagine it is because you have no idea what you're talking about.  Anybody who has ever managed a restaurant or any business with lots of low skill or low wage employees will tell you the same thing, HS students aren't worth shit. They will work as little as humanly possible because of all the other obligations they have and the fact they don't have real bills or people relying on them working their hours, they call in all the time, leave early, and all in all do a pretty shitty job when they are there because they know if they get fired they'll just get another minimum wage job within a couple of days."
 "i decided to annoy my long haired friend. he had never cut his hair ever for the last few years, and we all knew that. so when he was asleep in the tub, i cut off all of his hair and chained him to some poles- we would come get him in a few hours- and next thing you know, all his hair grows back and he tears down the pole."
 "For some reason I instantly thought of song."
 "THIS, I am SO glad that I am not the only one who thinks this way"
 "I think you mean Small Soldiers, not Toy "That was beautiful man - My teens liked and agreed with the bit where it means you've recognized the other person's humanity. We do tend to get trapped in \"roles\" - instead of remembering we are all people trying to muddle through as best we can while teaching the best of us to those around us, young and old.   Happy New Years!"
 "Strict NDA if you can't even say what game you are testing from a friends key on a reddit account.."
 "Ideally let's just trade this for something other than bleeding for about a week a month, with painful cramping. Lighter flow is a nice start, but I feel like the model after that needs to progress to a very minor indication that you aren't pregnant. "
 "Thanks for the reply. I tend to leave the main characters in my writing to stay just slightly in the shadows. Glad to hear you also like them vague. Bill"
 "I stole all the Duracell AAA batteries that were in stock at my local Walmart once.  I still have them. They expire in August of 2015."
 "what a god."
 "He beat your meat, eh?"
 "Queefs are not funny, Sharon. They are disgusting. "
 "It's \"in line\". Which makes more sense because you are inside of a line of people, not on top of it."
 "Olivia Munn"
 "You're doing an internship, you're still a student, and you're playing the game you have to play to make a shitload more than $15 an hour. And as an intern, I guarantee they can run just fine without your token \"help\".  Compare that to someone who's been on their feet making a restaurant function for 15 years, still making HALF what you're making to intern.  I do a lot of work with GE Aviation through my job. I've \"worked\" with their interns... It's cute. They're not adding much value, it's just an internship. When you get a real job you'll understand my point of view."
 "Let it out, collect yourself, move on."
 "I meant forced as forced by the employer. You may be forced to work that job because you need a job, but you aren't physically forced by the employer to work the job. You are allowed to quit. No one is going to beat you for quitting. It might be a bad idea to quit, but you still can quit."
 "I'm 24 in 4 days. Scary stuff...happy new year, happy birthday and good luck with the girl."
 "King of the Nerds is the greatest piece of television ever devised"
 "Tell a good story, no one is going to give a shit if it's boring and self indulgent rubbish."
 "I will refer to this"
 "Basically, it's whatever you need to earn to have your essentials easily covered, plus enough for rainy day savings and the occasional treat for everyone dependent on the income. It'll be different in every country and always fighting money supply inflation."
 "Hey man, not here to plug anything, but please look up my username on YouTube if you like. I grew up without a friend at all.. I had to read quite a few books and make quite a few mistakes in order to get to where I am now. But because it has been so valuable to me, I want to share. I make videos on how to be more socially adept-- or I try at least. I don't have many viewers, and don't even care if you subscribe. I make these videos as reminders of social things that really matter so that I can be the person I can possibly be. Anyway, if they help you, I hope your 2014 is a great one!"
 "We call this the \"search and destroy\" method "
 "yea, it makes me feel tingly"
 "Screw laughter, bacon is the best medicine!"
 "The majority of the people didn't actually."
 "Tie shoes.   Double loop master race 4eva."
 "You don't go through Flemington by any chance?"
 "All atheists should look on this comment like the southpark episode where everyone converted to atheism and then back. The conclusion the priest ended with was that the bible and christianity is not about if god exists or not but rather a bunch off old stories wich show you a respecteable and kind way to live youre life for others and youre own sake. "
 "I disagree. "
 "This is why I was so incredibly ecstatic I got to attend Gatekeepers media day this year. Rode it 22 times in one day before the public, along with a ride on Millennium and 3 on Raptor.  All for a $15 coaster club membership and RSVPing.   10/10 would do again.  "
 "I have to babysit :("
 "Lol, I'll leave you to ponder that one!"
 "It's gonna be, Little Caesars on Roscoe and Sepulveda... Exciting. "
 "It's true, but in cases when it's extremely crowded and only like 5% of people want to walk and the rest wants to stand, it's much more efficient to make everyone stand than to waste 50% of the space for a few people to be able to walk.  Source : Some escalators near train stations where people are transporting luggage and don't walk for the most of them."
 "A way to communicate emotions without words. Some way to better share the way we feel."
 "\"gravity is heavy, that's why I'm crawling on the kitchen floor\"."
 "Continuously press the walk signal button at stop lights."
 "They discriminate minimum wage based on age. "
 "Yes, this.  Poor people shouldn't be allowed to live alone. /sarcasm"
 "English, according to my citizenship application.. My 12 years in a Non-French Canadian grade school isn't enough proof I can speak english."
 "iPhones, especially used ones, are very common. Also, you don't know how long that person was on food stamps. That phone could be 3 years old, from a time when they had some disposable income. If the Escalade is more than a few years old, it too could have already been paid off, and they have shit resale value. You are making a lot of assumptions about a person's life based on a very quick glance. Hell, the vehicle might not have even been theirs.   Sure, there are people who abuse the system, but that is a problem with an individual, not the group."
 "but but... \"Gonna pay the rent today!\""
 "I'm actually strongly against this. A law like this would lead to many negative unintended consequences. Part of the beauty of congress is how bureaucratic and inefficient it is. It SHOULD be difficult to pass laws, and laws SHOULD be able to be bloated. Allowing congresspeople to barter and scheme through amendments is important."
 "Are you thinking of [Nicaraguan Sign "I have to use dandruff shampoo on my mustache."
 "It's the color of your hands during a walk on a cold winter night.  The color of last weeks bruise, you forgot it was until someone touched it.  At night, When you look up and just when you're about to get lost in that color you still manage to find your way thanks to the moon.  It can also be bright and give you a good feeling during a hot summer day, when the sun get jealous and steals  the spotlight and the sky reminds you of himself by sending a cool breeze through your hair.   (Sorry for mistakes, non native) "
 "Which then comes back to the question, why would someone with absolutely no skills or talents think they should be entitled to not live with their parents?    "
 "When you write a song about spending 20 bucks on thrift shop clothing, it's not music. haha"
 "Show that you are an alpha male and will be ready to take over the family once the dad dies. Make sure he knows you will take care of his wife and daughter. "
 "Happens all the time here in Canada. Drives me nuts."
 "Yup!  between \"enough for my, my cat, my car, my house, my three shitty kids, and my stay-at-home wife\" to \"enough for one person to not die\""
 "I like my 3-5 finger hunt and peck method, thank you very much!   I suppose I should learn to type properly, they have been trying to teach that since grade 4?  I also work on a computer...... "
 "Hmmm... your parents??? [Let's Get It by Marvin Gaye"
 "I hate those 'parents' so much, even if they don't exist."
 "Neither makes sense. I don't get why people think \"I couldn't care less\" is a million times better.  Think about it for a second. If you really, truly couldn't care any less at all, you wouldn't even care enough to respond with anything. So by responding with \"I couldn't care less,\" you're lying, and responding with \"I could care less,\" is just exceedingly vague.  The most correct way to say it would be, \"I couldn't care *too much* less.\""
 "I fell in love with a girl I met in real life by Skyping with her every day. Still in love. Does that count?"
 "Killer post"
 "Yeah, although I guess I could understand rinsing down the sides or something to keep it clean?"
 "was #1 thread of 2013. and your thought process is shitty so I had to point it out. "
 "If that's your mentality then a 5k isn't very much. The subreddit's pretty clearly for people who have, and likely have always had, a lifestyle of zero exercising to break them into the habit. 5k = 12 laps around a high school track."
 "When it's time to wake up for work, my dog gets a running start, jumps onto my bed and starts rolling around on top of me. He'll do it until I wake up and acknowledge him. Who needs an alarm clock? Lol"
 "Anal.   I'm not even kidding, it's like, unless you're a porn star chances are you haven't taken a colon cleanser, and I don't like poop on my penis.   And even in porn, women (or men, I guess) who take it up the bum and IMMEDIATELY start blowjob procedures.   No. Nope. "
 "Most memorable New Years moment?"
 "Some say I talk out of my arse."
 "Klingon"
 "There are three things I try to remember when I feel another depressive episode coming on:  1. This is not forever. As bad as it feels, and as hopeless as life seems to be, it isn't. Today may suck, tomorrow might be worse- hey, things might suck for a few weeks or months, but what is that compared to the rest of your life? Hold on and keep moving forward. This is not forever.  2. Am I going to *choose* to be down, or am I going to *choose* to be positive? Your attitude when depressed makes a massive difference. When you're lying in bed trying to decide if today is worth getting through, *choose* to put forth the effort. If you constantly give in to the desire to do nothing, you're only putting yourself in the position to get worse.  3. Is what I'm feeling right now based on reality, or on my perception of reality?      When you're depressed you get into a very \"me\" mindset. Everything is about you. Not so much in an \"everything is about me\" sort of way, but in that you're so stuck in how *you feel* about a situation. The problem with this is that you forget to consider that the circumstances of the problem your having may not be warranted. ie, you try making plans with someone but they already have plans, so obviously they don't care about you and they don't love you and nobody loves you and no one could ever love you and you may as well not be alive.  Now, which is more likely; that they (and by extension, nobody) don't love love you, or that you asked too late and were already committed to something else? You need to stop and think about how you're feeling, and consider whether you might be taking things in the wrong way.  These are the things that help me the most when I find myself in the middle of another depressive episode.   Another important thing is to be proactive, rather than reactive. Depression is often a life long thing, but you can learn to manage it. Pay attention to the symptoms of your depression. Write them down! You can learn how to catch yourself before you fall into a dangerous place if you know the things that come before an episode. I, for example, have trouble sleeping, get angry at small things and  find my OCD acting up weeks or even months before a major depressive episode hits. If I catch myself, I can prepare for it and can keep myself from believing the lies that depression likes to tell me.  Most importantly, you need to learn that you can trust others to help you. They may not understand what you're going through and they may give you bad advise, but they love you. Hold on to that. "
 "People aren't capable of scrubbing toilets for 60 hrs a week instead of 40?"
 "I bought a nuwave oven. It was one of the best things ever. We used it almost everyday to make bacon weaves and pizza and everything. "
 "They even fax us a warning beforehand, but still we're caught by surprise."
 "Can't believe people are calling you a slut for having positive and sensible information about sex."
 "So on the way home while coming down Table Mountain, it's all downhill. It's bumper to bumper traffic. We're driving and my dad suddenly misses the brake and starts hitting the clutch (which does nothing obviously) so we end up rear ending the person in front of us  twice because of the hill and the momentum, then finally my mom pulled the handbrake. So my mom got out to inspect damage and the other people got out, so my dad meaning to pull up, took off the handbrake but missed the brake a 2nd time and rear ended them like 3 more times with the hill and knock my mom an her ass. So then while all that shit went down, and they were dealing with that (dealing with insurance since it was a rental car etc. and all those kinda of things that have to be done in an accident), we had just happened to be close to an area with some parked cars. So I saw some cute looking girls on the other side of the street sitting on the hood of their car and walked over. So it was a couple of girls and this guy. I was talking to them and stuff, apparently they were from the UK which is nice. So like I was spending time with them, down half of this one girl's beer, and they said I could have another so I downed another whole beer all within about 5 minutes. So while I was talking to them, the guy brings up twerking. So one of the girls pulls out her phone and shows me a video. So its litterally a video of their younger sister twerking. So I watched and while watching all the things got sorted out so I had to leave. But it was fun talking to them, I'm already doing one of my new years resolutions(which was to be more confident with myself and approach women, and just people in general more easily(I have bit of a stutter issue at times to it doesn't help)). I guess i made the most of a bad situation but it's definitely a year I don't think I'll ever forget.  In terms of drinking, my dad only had about half a glass of champagne or so, but anyways, lesson learnt! YOU NEVER EVER DRINK AND DRINK PEOPLE. STAY. SAFE.  Luckily we all made it home safe, I don't think we're planning on going out tomorrow anymore.  Also, if the people who offered me beer see this. Thank you! That whole thing really made my night to say the least, it wasn't much but that really changed it all. Thanks for helping me out after everything went down!"
 "Coast along in the sl fast lane on the highway.   That makes me really aggressive "
 "Yep! Make some popcorn. Grab some chocolate. Pour a drink or three. Relax, and think of the people who are dealing with annoying crowds right now."
 "Why were you guys watching a sexual education video in your go's dads living room?"
 "I was gonna drink water, but I decided that water smells too loud for New Years. I'm gonna drink hydrogen instead."
 " #-#"
 "I use it as a comfort food, and a massive trigger to binge eating."
 "N Korea nukes are launched!!  N Korea nukes are launched!!  Everyone please take an umbrella and *briskly* walk to the nearest shelter"
 "Yes! I started doing the French program but bailed after a few weeks. Gonna start again in 2014."
 "check the date, april 1... "
 "Start abusing methamphetamine "
 "Every group needs a screw-up."
 "You can start by eating some pussy..."
 "sticks and stones and weed and bones."
 "Driving on the righthand side of the road (in most counties) when you're not passing. And use the damn cruise control if you're cruising. Haven't you noticed I've passed you at the same speed like seven times now since the other side of Amarillo?!"
 "After Gene Siskel died, they just ran a single headline with no article : \"Ebert Victorious\""
 "\"I guess being quiet sometimes makes the most noise.\"  "
 "He sounds great.  Sorry for your loss.  It is the same story with my dad.  Talking with him for hours on end and listening to him going about telling his stories.  He is still with us, but I am not sure how much longer he will be."
 "I've always been bad at math, even back when I was a young'un. Anyways, I was in kindergarten one day near the end of the year. The first grade teachers were coming in to pick the students they wanted. Later that day, I was siting in the kitchen at home, telling my mom about my potential teachers.   \"Well who do YOU want, sweetie?\" Mom asked me.     \"Miss Crank.\"     \"Why Miss Crank?\"    \"I heard she doesn't make us do subtraction.\""
 "Once I got strep throat, and developed some kind of obsession with fondling my balls. *Constantly.* Like, I cut the pockets off of one of my pairs of jeans before going to the theater, so I could freeball and fondle without anyone knowing. The jeans eventually came to a different use... like \"adjusting myself.\" Good times."
 "Brit here, I hate smokers - I just can't understand why you would ever want to do that to yourself. It stinks."
 "I've heard that someone smelling good is a sign of pheromones indicating that you're compatible genetically. Not sure I believe it absolutely, but it does make wonder how much is pre-programmed into our biology. "
 "Hi, /r/childfree!"
 "I have already been told of this, and have known it for a long time but it is definitely something that a lot of guys don't understand.  Fuck the haters, let them keep messaging you. ;)"
 "Playing or making music, if you're really good at it.   "
 " In Denmark, attempting to escape from prison is not illegal, however, if one is caught, he/she is required to serve out the remainder of their term.  That would have been my answer, except for Germany. I love that law actually. It respects an individual's desire for freedom. BUT, they're still criminals. Just not one for escaping from prison."
 " most likely went to an under-funded public school, and couldnt afford going to college to give them a chance to learn a skill.  This is an excuse. I went to an under-funded public school, and couldn't afford college. I took out loans. Went to college. And got a job. "
 "This one"
 "I have/had major depressive disorder.  I have not yet been hit by a train.  So far, so good."
 "Find something that makes you happy and do it. What other people think doesn't matter- don't live your life trying to impress others by how much you do, what you have or where you go, get their envy by thoroughly, completely, loving what you spend your time doing."
 "People really say that? Wow..."
 "msu had a kanji game that was great, but I can't find it now"
 "He is asking what actor has died the most in movies. "
 "The progesterone stops the womb lining building up, so there's nothing to release."
 "Yeah what's that about? For me its just harder highschool where I don't care about being on the outs. "
 "I'm at work. My girl is at home in her super soft pj's listening to Dre and eating kier so I figured I'd reddit since work is boring."
 "Unless the cashier is really lazy and trusting, they'll still want to count them themselves, and check that they are all the same type/flavor, since different flavors are often differently priced."
 "I've known one white girl with dreads.  When she finally cut it, she cut it down to like 6 inches and it looked worse IMO.  White bitches need normal hair."
 "He is older. We aren't too worried about marriage at this point, I think it was in the future anyway, just their reactions. Age is definitely a factor. My father's family thinks I'll be throwing my life away (I've always wanted to be a mother) and his parents are...something else. However, I have no doubts my mom's side will be excited and supportive."
 "a beanie, like $27.  a bundle of fibers that covers one's head should not cost $27. and because it was being stolen from a huge corporation with hundreds of locations. one beanie from the \"clearance rack\" being stolen did not make a difference to the company. :)  "
 "I guess I did generalize a bit too much, especially considering I'm not an expert in psychology. I assume there are some sociopaths who seem like fine people and you'd never know they're a sociopath. But if one were to be manipulative as a result of their sociopathy, being more intelligent can create more opportunities to manipulate people. "
 "I think that was sarcasm. It isn't easy owning a restaurant. It's a different kind of work, but it's still work."
 "You can't.  I can only point to things outside of my brain that gives rise to that sensation, but I can never talk about the private sensation itself."
 "I like how you broke her spirit, I hope you treat your boyfriends the same way. "
 "\"One's thoughts can be as random and unpredictable as the weather.\""
 "is that the adult version of thunder cats?"
 "I would assume my SO's parents are dogs, they wouldn't care much about the music."
 "Is the paying forward only within this thread or can you pay it forward anywhere?"
 "So they edited it after you replied?"
 "backing up a car. Its mostly just takes practice. Also, parallel parking. "
 "The Constitution was written to create a government. Without the government that knows better than you and spends all your money or silly things like tanks, ICBMs, roads and schoolteachers, all you rugged individualists would have become (or, indeed, remained) the serfs of some tyrant overseas (maybe King George, maybe some Louis or another) who appreciates the organisation and spending power of a government and the awesome powerful army/navy that it can build.  (Not to speak of the fact that 90% of your people, the ones who could not afford the private schools, would have remained illiterate peasants unable to read the instructions on a can of beans.)  Better the tyranny of the majority of society than to succumb to the tyranny of the majority of _another_ society_."
 "programming "
 "Do things that scare you but kind of excite you, too."
 "Me too :( Except it's still NYE here."
 "I love how you have to explain your comment to everyone."
 "Just one, but I've been with her since 2010! My resolution for this year is to sleep with her *more*, and to get better at both giving her what she likes in bed and letting her know what I like."
 "A major celebrity leaves the church of Scientology and busts the whole scam wide-open. Like, federal indictment level wide-open."
 "What was the best thing to happen to the world in 2013? "
 "A question I always wonder about is whether the execs are really worth as much as they are paid.  I've seen some great execs, and a lot of mediocre ones, too.  The problem is that the guys at the top believe they are worth it, and they're in the position to decide what they get paid, so.... "
 "Is it red? "
 "We see you drunk, your cell door is gunna clunck."
 "You may leave the house only when the dogtooth falls out and grows back "
 "The Declaration of Independence!"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Lets say you have an ax. Just a cheap one, from Home Depot. On one bitter winter day, you use said ax to behead a man. Dont worry, the man was already dead. Or maybe you should worry, because youre the one who shot him.   -John Dies at the End   Not really the opening line, but this was the point I knew I was in for an awesome read. "
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "YouTube if you can get a good enough following"
 "Aha! Size does matter! The bigger the better! (Bigger words, that is)."
 "You also couldn't hold a second pregnancy if it wasn't elastic and didn't go back to how it was before (or close to)."
 "Myself"
 "Electricity is basically really small particles, that have energy, moving through something. Typically that is a metal wire, because these particles can really easily travel through metals due to the way the atoms in metals sit."
 "My answer: Edward Snowden"
 "I think all of the flying dicks from yesterday are tied for first."
 "at what point did you say \"Get the fuck off of my property before I call the cops\"?"
 "\"Who are you?\" "
 "I love the \"we should lower taxes so that we can pay better wages\" arguements  You know what would happen if we lowered taxes giving corporations more money?  They'd have higher profits this year (which of course means the job creators get a bonus)."
 "I agree. You mom can be a real fucking bitch. I suspect more often than sometimes.   At least you seem to have the intellectual wherewithal to absorb that the problem is on her end, not yours. If you were my kid, I'd have never done that, but if I'd like... tripped and had a seizure and busted up your stuff... I'd still have apologized.  Hugs.  "
 "No. Sexual arousal usually causes it to throb. "
 "Posted this earlier:   Where are her arms? If she has both arms under your arms and full on breast press and both arms are literally \"wrapped\" around and she's looking up at you? That right there is practically begging for you to kiss her. If her head is to the side and resting on your chest, then I'm thinking more of \"I'm comfortable with you\", probably more of a friendzone thing.  Looking up at you with full body contact, man, that is screaming for a kiss.  Don't do it unless you're sure though, and if she does do that, then at least take the necessary moves/flirting/asking her out before doing the kiss the next time.  YMMV, be careful. "
 "I'm the same way but for dudes. I would never smoke myself but watching a guy smoke a cigarette can definitely get things going for me. I used to date a guy who smoked, he thought it was the shit that I'd hang outside with him while he took a cig break."
 "I've passed out while trying to make a bowl of coco puffs but that time I was just high as shit"
 "Save money. Little by little. It adds up."
 "To drink through his anus?"
 "I work primarily in the fish department of a pet store. You have no idea how many people assume they can have fish waaaay too early. I feel you."
 "The Last of Us"
 "FOR AUSTRALIANS. It's the opposite, stand on the left for people walking on the right. "
 "/r/Dovahkiin/"
 "The ability for teeth to fix themselves and regenerate "
 "Sitting patiently for Hospice Care to arrive and make my grandfather comfortable in his last hours. "
 "With all due respect, every child in America is guaranteed 12 years of free education. If that's not enough to learn that \"children are expensive, don't have one at 16, then I'm not quite sure how much more education we can provide people. They have plenty of education, but many kids don't care about it and many families aren't supportive of it. It's not for a lack of funding. Maybe you have a point about contraception, but I doubt it. Many of the people having children at a very young age wouldn't use it if you delivered it to their door.  Edit: Fuck me, right? 12 years of education didn't do it, so the answer must be... we need more education! Morons."
 "I suppose I would have to start using those automated cashiers if that was the only option.  I appreciate the interaction with a person, so I've never actually used one myself before."
 "I've always like the Somerville circle, its almost as good as the main Flemington circle. "
 "So how was your day ;)"
 "\"Wake Me Up\" Avicii"
 "I probably should. As of now I'm only subscribed to /r/sips"
 "Google contacts is a godsend. Log into your gmail account, go to contacts, and clean them up there. There's a handy \"merge contacts\" option..."
 "Generally speaking, I don't think anyone says to themselves \"I'm going to go get hammered tonight, then see if I can successfully drive home.\"  Usually the decision to drive is made long after the decision to drink, and like a lot of decisions we make, neither are arrived at after serious consideration.    I mean, how many times does the average person stop before getting behind the wheel and ask \"is this a good idea?\"  Driving is something we don't tend to think about too much, and once the drinking has been accomplished the likelihood of serious consideration given to driving is going to go down quite a bit.  Most folks are confident in their ability to operate a motor vehicle, and even when impaired that confidence is usually enough to overcome any lagging doubts.  Me personally?  I got pulled over for drunk driving once.  And I mean when I took the breathalyzer test I got an \"A.\"  What went through my head when I decided to drink and drive?  Not a goddamned thing.   Therein lies the problem."
 " This is also the point, most economists argue, that a wage will naturally rest at without outside interference.  There's always outside interference. It's called \"feeding your family however you can\". This eminent despair is perfectly exploited by companies wanting to lower wages."
 "/r/sindarin   /r/Quenya "
 "all the better "
 "What is zipper?"
 "They just mentioned in another comment that they lived below the poverty line as well.    Yes, below it.        Our family did ok... we certainly wished things were easier, but we lived through it, got educated, and we're all pretty solidly middle class now  Just from that statement alone I can say they most likely had EIC and child tax credit. Probably even free lunches at the public school as well.    I don't think this person realized how much help they (or their parents, rather) really received. Hell, it even sounds as if they had both parents. That's already a good start when you're living below or even close to the poverty line. I'd say they had plenty handed to them to even get the privilege of borrowing money for higher education."
 "[Here's the guide from my favorite source, just for "First: That's an optimistic NSFW tag.  My actual story: I was flying back to California after a semester in Washington, DC. I was a little depressed because I was the last person in my group to catch a flight home, so I was on my own for half a day and I had some emotional issues. I got on my flight safely and  sat next to a nice old couple. It was April of 2011, and the NBA playoffs were going on so I decided to watch games on the flight. The man in the couple began talking with me, and it became obvious he had Alzheimer's disease. My grandmother, who has since passed, had Alzheimer's, so I knew he meant no harm and wasn't trying to be rude.  I talked with him for most of the flight, and we actually talked a lot about basketball, if only \"wow that guy is impressive.\" At the end of the flight, his wife thanked me and he told me \"Thanks for talking with me, sometimes my head is no good\" and I told him it was okay, as I genuinely enjoyed talking with him. It gave me a better understanding of how to communicate with someone who has Alzheimer's, and helped me cherish what time was left with my grandmother.   Tl;Dr: At an emotional low on flight, bonded with an elderly man with Alzheimer's over basketball, learned to feels better."
 "Having bad posture..."
 "Totally agree with you!  Check out the math on this one - I lived in Kenai, Alaska for 2 years, and rented a cabin there.  $500 rent plus utilities ($6000/year).  Power cost in Kenai was over $0.20 per Kilowatt, in the winter running lights and the water well, we'd easily see $250/month on the electric bill - gas heat still needs fans to blow it around the house.  Got to have a block heater for your car too.  Yearly gas bill was about $500, electric was $1500 or so.  Then the gas money to get food, get to work, get what you need 15 miles away, not to mention the 20% premium on all basic necessities.  Easily you drive 20k miles/year.  30 mpg car that's $2666/year.  Total about $10500/year.  Moved to Seattle, rent an apartment for $1000/month, power here is about $0.05/kilowatt.  I fill up my car once every two months now.  So a little bit more spending, but I make $25k more a year here.    People always ask me why I live in one of the most expensive places in the country.  I tell them it's the same, where I spend more on rent I spend way less on transportation, food, utilities, and I have WAY more time to enjoy my life not chopping wood...which I might add that most people buy wood for their fireplaces in Alaska, not a money saver, just a lifestyle.  Pardon my mobile lack of formatting.  "
 "Counterfeiting. "
 "Your love, because I wanted it."
 "Let's "Going on the assumption that they come back knowing they'd have to prove themselves, I assume they'd know some (to us) near-future world events. Ask for some news headlines that will happen in the next week or two that shock the world when they happen.  "
 "I'm alone and under 21 on New Years. What should I do?"
 "^^^Enhance"
 "This is for anyone that can answer it. What is the best way you can describe the taste of a penis? "
 "Can you explain this a bit more? I don't know much about business and economics. What do you mean by 'fundamentally illegitimate' and what did OP mean with his statement about sustainability?"
 "Thanks to everyone for sharing, and A HUGE THANK YOU to everyone who actually included the links to their respective articles..."
 "\"win\"  everybody dies."
 "I work 40-50 hours a week. I'll make a little over $18,000 this year. "
 "Actually you're conflating comfort, fun, and happiness. "
 "The guy who is flipping the burgers is the one who is actually doing the work.  Let me guess, you also think the cashier at Best Buy is the one that wrote the entire software for the Call of Duty game you want to play, he mined the minerals for the disc by hand and he runs the servers for the game in the back.     He is the reason people pay money.   People pay money because someone underconsumed their own resources and invested that in a venture that has risk in order to attempt to make more.   "
 "HE'S SAYING HE POOPED HIS PANTS WHEN HE FARTED GUYS! "
 "Not me. My right one likes to creep up inside me."
 "Less reposts, more gold"
 "the last of us "
 "\"feels like you just took a bump of the best drug in the world, straight to the dick.\"   Edit: best description"
 "Jennifer Lawrence, Emma Stone, Natalie Portman.  EDIT: Oh, and Karen Gillan"
 "\"But what does an electron charge, I mean, never mind, I'm speaking in cursive.\""
 "Back in the dorms Freshman year our RA was out with his girlfriend for the night and left his room unlocked. We simply turned on the music in his room full blast, locked it from the inside, and left. This was around 11:30pm so people were trying to sleep and submitted noise complaints. Several RA's knocked on his door with no answer, he also wasn't answering his phone because he was on a date. More and more RAs started to knock and call and got really concerned. We watched the whole thing unfold from behind the peephole of the adjacent room. Little did we know a resident attempted suicide a few weeks earlier so the thought was fresh on the minds of all RAs. They started to cry and alert the police and panic. We were too scared to confront them because the entire damn RA staff was outside of his room thinking he was dead. Luckily he called them back and wondered why they were so relieved to here him. We never came forward because we were too terrified of consequences    TL;DR: Accidentally made everyone believe our RA killed himself "
 "Oh yes. Lord of the Rings is definitely my favorite actor."
 "It enrages me every time I hear about it, especially when the parents face no legal action whatsoever.  "
 " In the bath: yeah okay  Totally.  I mean, come on, who doesn't drink two bottles of Merlot when they take a bath???  (Oh, is that just me?).  But chocolate milk on the toilet is straying just a bit too close to 2 Girls 1 Cup for me :-)"
 "Poor grammar. What are your biggest turn offs? OR What's your biggest turn off?"
 "I like that one has a certain revelance "
 "Self awareness."
 "Friends:\"Gerad turn on your side so you don't choke on your puke\" Gerad:\"I am the side\""
 "Take the motorcycle safety course, save up some money, and buy a motorcycle.  Riding is the greatest thing in the world.  "
 "im out. i cant take this thread anymore... its like 30:1 depressing: good times"
 "New Jersey drivers are definitely up there too"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "They were 20 ounce mugs. So who knows if I was over .08 because I'm a 6'4\" 200 pound guy, but I'm not going to risk it. "
 "thank you for doing that! I hate when the best part is spoiled before I read something. "
 "I do them all the time, but I'm not sure if it's helped with any of those things. "
 "Half the journey of a story for me is kind of imagining the character(s) myself.  I feel like it gets me more interested that way."
 "I hate when someone breaks through a whole turn"
 "This.  Has to be my favorite! I laughed till I cried!"
 "I don't get that one?"
 "\"I was drowning in the pussy so I swam to the butt\""
 "Insider trading in the USA congress."
 "I think your new year's resolution should be to get off reddit more."
 "I suppose it's just the telling that's scary, not so much that they won't want to be a part of it. I wanted to do something to make them excited, like a grandma/grandpa bib or something. Or a pacifier (which I already bought for my mother)."
 "Blurred Lines"
 "Whatever happens, it's happening so be at peace with it."
 "It's so your Burt doesn't squeek when you walk "
 "Salvia"
 "Here is some general advice:  * Not in a public place. Make sure they have the privacy to go through the emotions. * Not over the phone. Never do this with any big news. It makes things worse. * Don't give them your plan. Seek their advice. Giving them this upper hand will help get them thinking about a solution rather than their conservative beliefs. * Make sure you tell them right away that you want to keep the baby as part of the intro, don't let them think at anytime that you ever considered otherwise. This will make them feel good about raising you right. * Don't be argumentative if they start telling you what to do and you don't agree. Understand that you have had time to process this event, they haven't. A lot of what they say at that time will be charged with emotion. If an argument is starting, tell your parents you love them and want their help, not to fight.  * If a fight cannot be avoided, leave the situation and offer to come over again the next day to talk. This will give your parents time to think it over and cool off, while at the same time letting them know you still want them involved.  Congratulations and Good Luck!"
 "I think humans need something to tell that enough is enough. We have too many disgusting, morbidly obese people to begin with.  Edit: words"
 "Oh then Sean Bean, he's like the Kenny of the movies"
 "Where is the gold train when you need it?"
 "I think that this is the correct answer.  You can't use the idea of producer/consumer surplus in a heterogeneous market like labor.  Labor is not a fungible commodity due to differences in job requirements on the firm side and training, education and experience on the labor side.    The point of the market equilibrium is that it is the point of maximum benefit (welfare) for everyone (in aggregate of course, there are still winners and losers.  When something like a minimum wage is instituted, the market is distorted, there is a \"deadweight\" loss imposed and (in aggregate again) everyone is worse off.  You might argue that  the people at the bottom (who didn't lose their jobs) are better off and society owes it to them to help them out even if the overall outcome is bad.  That is a normative argument and somewhat beyond the bounds of the simple economic models presented here.  There are two main issues at play in this thread.  One is that firms are paying less for labor than they should.  The wage for a worker (marginal cost) should be set at the marginal benefit of that worker to the firm.  If the worker is offered less than that, s/he can leave and seek other employment.  Obviously there are barriers to this action, but that is the choice.  The worker may not be able to move or may not know that s/he is not being paid properly.  Those are also outside this model.  The second issue is the idea of a \"living wage.\"  This is another normative idea.  No doubt there are quantitative ideas of what this means, but I haven't seen one here yet.  Perhaps if the US had a better social safety net (universal healthcare, etc) this would be less of an issue.  YMMV. "
 "I want a tail, wings, the ability to breathe fire, immunity to diseases, and enhanced vision so I can see a tree 1km away in perfect detail."
 "Not much at all goes through someone mind who does this. "
 "Can't afford either?   Also add in that they've been so shamed about sex that they're afraid to talk or ask anyone for help. "
 "/r/hylian "
 "Being prejudiced against feminine gay men. "
 "Making stained glass chandeliers. Of course you have to have artistic talent to do this, but it's very popular for hotels and casinos to buy large stained glass fixtures for their lobbies and meeting spaces.  Source: my daughter-in-law does this. "
 "Christina Hendricks.    When I first moved to LA I met my childhood celebrity crush.  She was in front of me in line at a Taco Bell.  She parked her BMW wrong and mispronounced the name of the item she was ordering.  Such a letdown."
 "[This probably fits for many more areas than just where I'm from, but it'll "Ability to switch the productive organs on and off. So if you don't want a baby you can keep the production off."
 "I was referring to the current 7.25 being about half of the $15/hour a lot of liveable wage people want. And I guess you've just had a different experience with younger workers than I have. Either way, anecdotal evidence doesn't really support a point."
 "I... I love you.   A big thank you for explaining this. "
 "I bet there is a subreddit for this?"
 "same."
 "Those conversations will be so valuable to you. Also, take lots of pictures. He will never really leave you. He only changes forms, much like how energy is neither created nor destroyed. I wish you well!"
 "Japanese. Should be easier to write kanji as I know/learn Chinese Mandarin.  As a follower of various Japanese things like manga, Touhou, etc., Japanese will let me be able to do so much without having to wait for an English translation.  Also, learning Spanish in school, along with Chinese Mandarin in the weekends."
 "this made me wake my girlfriend up I laughed so loud "
 "I'm enjoying the hugs from beautiful young ladies."
 "I've learned German and Spanish, and thanks to Spanish can read French and Italian and Portuguese enough to get a basic understanding. When I moved to China I thought, hey, languages are easy! I've been here over two years and my Chinese is almost non-existent. _Chinese is hard._ But, yeah, I'd choose to learn Chinese in 24 hours if I could."
 "Well, that's simple...let me do some math for where I live...   Shelter...I pay around 1k/month for my house.  There are essentially 5 bedrooms.  Being frugal, that means 5 workers.  Being poor it would be 10.  This is not counting the communal living rooms, just bedrooms (one is nonconforming but could easily be converted).  $200/month/person.   Security...I don't pay for an armed guard, and while the doors have locks I live in a nice enough place I don't always use them. Food.  I spend around 400/month to feed 4, and that is not frugal.  $100/month/person.     Water/heat/electric/internet.  Adding these together I am around $150/month.  It would not go up much when we put the 5 workers in here...so lets say $50/month/person and they get cable TV and phones (think Ting, not Sprint).   Health Care.  Well...that's the million dollar question, but there are cheap plans out there.  Lets figure $200/month/person for now unless you have some concrete numbers to use?   Transportation?  I live walking distance to a McDonalds to work...or two blocks from a bus stop.  I believe they offer $55/month bus passes.   That puts us at $605/person/month.  We could go a lot lower, but that is just $3.78/hour at 40 hours/week 4 weeks a month. Taxes take a chunk, so lets say taxes take half and put livable at $7.56.  That does not sound too bad...where do they get $15?   Does that wage suck to live on, absolutely.  But should everyone make twice that, even if they are unskilled and doing a job that brings in less than that to the employer?  I would much rather we focus on things like quality education for all, a single payer health care system, less predatory lending, and a better social safety net (not unemployment or welfare for life, but a working system for retraining with mental care as well as physical) than pretend that jacking up the minimum wage will fix anything.   The one item I had that might be low was healthcare, and it was 1/3 of the total.  A good healthcare system would severely reduce that (remember, I am willing to go 50% taxes here...) plus provide a much better life.     But the problem is those who are shooting for the $15 minimum wage don't want to look like they are out for government help (which a healthcare change would be) as that would lose out on sympathy.  They also don't want to look like they are out to make the small business owner pay more, as that would lose a lot of support as well.  Instead they claim that this is just to make those evil corporations pay a \"fair\" wage...when really it would be government help to force small business owners to pay more (most fast food restaurants are franchises or locally owned, NOT owned by big faceless corporations).    Not meaning anything against you (I don't even know for sure which \"side\" you are on...yes, I like \"random\" \"quotes\" as a style choice), just thought I would drop my random rant here.  Heck I don't have much of a horse in this race, I make enough to be comfortable my kids are too young for jobs, and I figure I will end up paying for whichever way it goes with either more taxes or higher prices...or both.  Increased wages will drive inflation which will make my negative net worth (did I rant about predatory lending yet?) smaller that much quicker.   Also...booze...its New Years Eve dagnabit."
 "What the hell, I might as well! Thanks for the incentive :)"
 "\"The building was on fire, and it wasn't my fault.\" - Blood Rites, book 6 of the Dresden Files"
 "It seems I always need batteries, but I never have any around."
 "Wow, you really believe your own bullshit don't you? How'd your motor manufacturers like their bailout btw?"
 "*Yeeeesssss*"
 "Usury, which *used* to be illegal, before financial laws got loosened. "
 "Russian because I had difficulty learning it on my own. :("
 "What is your funniest New Years Eve Story?"
 "Kayne West"
 "Probably no marriage right now but definitely before we decide to have a second child."
 "I've never walked out on a movie."
 "I guess it depends on the situation. The first time my wife (then girlfriend) farted in front of me, we were in Target, and I didn't even hear nor smell it. She just started crying and begged, \"please don't leave me.\" I was so confused, and when she finally calmed down and told me what happened, I couldn't stop laughing. "
 "Same here! It's surprisingly enjoyable to tell someone they can't have fish after all the crap you have to put up with."
 "Whatever your local charity is. "
 "Thanks :). Sure, you can message me. I haven't actually gotten any dick pics, but this has definitely flooded my inbox with comments."
 "farticles"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "\"Spill the wine\""
 "\"Ears\""
 "I'm the same way. Smell is everything to me, if someone smells bad even once, they get mentally marked in my head as gross. I don't like that I do this, but I can't help it. "
 "So...a lot of women."
 "[\"Republicans Vote To Repeal Obama-Backed Bill That Would Destroy Asteroid Headed For "Crazy comes in all forms."
 "Driving. "
 "I've been in relationships where I've agreed with the girl about everything and ones where we disagree on everything. In my current (and longest and most successful) relationship, we agree on quite a bit and disagree on quite a bit. I'm a fiscal conservative and she's much more fiscally liberal than me, and we have never really argued about it. We poke fun at each other all the time, but it's always just silly. We strongly disagree on gun rights, and that's a bit more divisive. We tend not to talk about it, but when it comes up we have no problem discussing it respectfully. We agree on most social issues, even though I'd say she's quite a bit more socially liberal than I am. She exclusively votes Democrat and I'm an independent who usually votes Republican (voted for Obama in 2008 and Romney in 2012).   I've never had any real issues with her over our political beliefs but I do find myself wondering what it will be like when we have kids. Her parents are polar opposites politically and I think it was a good thing for her growing up because she was really able to shape her own beliefs without being pulled in either direction by her parents. It'll be interesting. "
 "My cat will sit on the arm of the couch and head butt me until I pet her for a while.  If I bend my head down and ask for a kiss, she will touch her nose to my lips. She then lies down and presses her back against my arm."
 "When someone posts every little bit of their juicy relationship drama on Facebook for their Facebook friends to see.  \"Well, Dan and I are fighting again. He's accusing me of cheating which is hilarious. Man I sure know how to pick them!\"  Really?"
 "My sister and I have theorized that Jon and Dany will marry, both ruling Westeros together. Bran will use his warg skills to control the dragons to fight off the White Walkers and save the realm."
 "And this is why every damn bathroom a guest *might* use should have a trashcan, with bag, near the toilet (or at least in plain sight). Nothing worse than having to change a tampon at a house and realizing that you have nowhere to put it once it's out and wrapped in toilet paper. No one wants to have to stuff that in their pocket or purse until they can stealthily sneak it into the kitchen trashcan. "
 "Army of Darkness. Or Star Wars."
 "So that's why my backs all cracky and stiff all the time. What about your side? "
 "wow. We got an aquarium for my little sister for her birthday, had the professionals..... \"professionals\" from the fish store come and install it, it was a 10 gallon (i think?) salt water tank with all the finding nemo fish, and the pros came in with all their tools, put everything in, dumped the fish in, and left. Within a week, they were all dead."
 "*your"
 "It seems to only not be working in mobile. I don't know what I'm doing!"
 "Liveable for whom? A teenager still living with his parents doing his first job? A student working full-time over the summer?  A single young adult living by himself in a small one-room apartment he rents? The same young adult in an apartment he owns because his family could afford it for him? A single mom with two kids? A family of four?  These are all financially very different - how do we legislate \"fair\"?  "
 "It's New Years Eve.  Basically, I plan on living in a bottle of Jack.  "
 "It looks like you failed to ask a question in your title. Double check everything, including punctuation, and try posting again.   * **If you're wanting to tell a story or explain something, please try /r/Self.**  * **If you're needing advice of any kind, try /r/Answers or /r/needadvice**  * **If you're looking for something that has slipped your mind, try /r/TipOfMyTongue.**  Anything else not covered try one of the subreddits mentioned in our sidebar that better suits your needs.  If you need more clarification, or feel this was an error, please contact the mods and provide a link to this post, thanks!   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Well there's always going to be Joe Idiot that expects to make 60k a year while drinking budweiser and watching Maury, but I don't think you can condemn increasing minimum wage because of it. I made 5.15 an hour at my first job, which was (at the time) minimum wage. There is no goddamn way I could survive on such a low salary. I was lucky enough to be 15 at the time, but there were several adults working that job as their only source of income. They definitely struggled a lot just too get by.  So, obviously skilled labor should pay more than unskilled, but that does not mean that someone that works 40 hours a week at Walmart shouldn't be able to live a human life."
 "Definitely save, just found out today my car needs a new gear box, expensive but I saved all last year so I'm covered "
 "[John "I have my German Shepherd and my HK P2000 SK .40. I guess I'll turn the dog on them, then aim center mass and pull the trigger until they fall. "
 "So like when I purposely get an erection for fun?"
 "Selling sperm.    Edit: Selling"
 "lol my bad"
 "And multiple rows!"
 "Don't be afraid to make them feel uncomfortable by telling them. They deserve it."
 "Another reddit noob here. Did this safe thing actually happen? I keep hearing \"the safe was opened\" but know nothing about it other than that there was a safe, and it was opened."
 "Still twitching..."
 "Cocaine!"
 "Time Traveller's Wife by Audrey Niffenegger. It was fun, sad, exciting, emotional, predictable and spontaneous."
 "Look at workouts online. "
 "If we're talking actresses, Michelle Rodriguez is probably near the top of the list.  You know, since she's empowered and all that."
 "Same. I'm feeling *lonelier* even though I do have boyfriend to kiss this year--too bad he's miles away."
 "so... make sure she doesn't blab. got it."
 "To feel less slighted by nonevents. To remember that fear is in anticipation."
 "Breakfast sounds good... Engagement is a surprise I'm still waiting for."
 "Absolutely. It's a good indicator!"
 "If you're dating a grown man that talks like that you might want to question if he's actually a man...."
 "Is it OK being passionate about your work? If your an entrepreneur?"
 "I don't now how to speak cursive:("
 "Scotch at room temperature."
 "Take it from my hands..."
 "You don't want to know what children in elementary schools are actually doing."
 "What if it's powers like "Although many places do sell what they call \"expresso\", by which they mean a quickly made drive through coffee (like they join together the words express and espresso to mean a quick coffee made with espresso)."
 "Aid to poorer countries. I'm not much of a patriot, and whilst I understand that not everyone in my country has a perfect life, almost all of them are so much better off than someone in a poorer country.   Science-driven, research based charities too, such as Practical Action. We could solve world hunger overnight if we just distributed wealth equally, but we're not going to do that. World hunger, overpopulation, cancer and many other diseases - they will all be solved by science."
 "It's going to be a fantastic year. I guar-en-tee it."
 "**Fortunately**, a lot of people wouldn't fit through it either.   FTFY. "
 "what if you turned out not human looking?"
 "This is a prefect way to describe it. "
 "I hated that time period, but going in with knowledge of future events I would of course make different choices. I'd get a job earlier on and start buying stocks that are going to make me a lot of money and start my current career at an early age.  It would probably be hard to take things as seriously (since I'd be wondering if 12 years later I would have to do it all over again) so in turn, I would probably be a lot more assertive and take chances I hadn't previously. If I would retail my current knowledge/memory, I would definitely not be too upset about it in the long run."
 "Our cat had a brief love affair with our new microwave, before we put it in its spot. He would lie next to it on the couch with his paws on the door and just stare at it. It was adorable in a really weird way."
 "Drinking Sam Adams Winter Lager and watching Batman on the hub channel. "
 " In high school, you should have plenty of time to work.  Assuming that you don't take any difficult classes that need any extra studying, or have zero extra-curricular activities. Sports, music, theater, etc, will all cut in to your time heavily."
 "1000000000p"
 "My cat has scent issues. If anyone pets her, she has to give herself a bath immediately after."
 "I listen to audiobooks while biking, I highly recommend it. You'll probably end up smiling like an idiot when the book gets really good, so do it from safe distance from other human beings. Or just stare at them blankly like me. "
 "Learn how to cook **RAMEN**. It will save you money, help you eat healthier, and could become something that you really enjoy."
 "Most people make tea wrong, and buy terrible shitty [read: Lipton] tea to begin with. "
 "Yep, you just grind up some peanuts."
 "-5 and a hand ..."
 "I usually say something more descriptive, like \"sympathies\", \"condolences\", or \"pardon\".  On a tangent, I also encourage people to avoid verbal chaff and phrases that have lost their meaning. Breaking the phrases makes people actually think about what you're saying. Compare \"have a good day\" and \"I hope something makes you smile today.\""
 "Self depreciation is the key....   Loved your comment..."
 "I suppose but that was never a possibility anyway."
 "Go hang with friends, play video games, find a nice bottle of something to drink, you know. Just don't go out in public afterwords."
 "Me too, except I'm actually kinda trying to stop. It's not working out so well, but it's annoying never having fingernails when I need them. ^stupid ^pop ^cans ^that ^don't ^open ^without ^fingernails"
 "Some Stephen Seagal crap. It was too lame to remember why I left."
 "Regional accents, chief."
 "Bicycle seats: if your knees aren't straight when the pedals are fully down you're hurting your knees and not using your strength as well. [I would call this an exaggeration if I didn't see a 30 year old man riding a BMX bike like "Yes. The cop is hiding just out of sight on the cross street.  Source: it happened. "
 "There's always /r/TheRedPill for quality content.  [Here's one I saw some time ago."
 "[relevant "put it on everything, ever."
 "Lmao . A series of unfortunate events"
 "No hair above the knees and below the neck. PLZTY"
 "Peeling a banana; you're actually supposed to peel it from opposite the stem"
 "My cat also comes when I call him. I think it's the cutest fucking thing. "
 "My rabbit gets bored and won't let me sleep in. She'll let herself out of her cage, jump up on my bed then sniff my face until I stir. If I don't wake up then, she'll jump on my chest and start furiously digging.  Also, she gets angry if you don't share your food with her and will jump/scratch/bite until she gets some. Her favourites are lollies and chinese food. Once she was so eager to have a taste, I dropped my entire meal because she distracted me - evidence in photos.   Photos: "Severe depression.  A broken heart."
 "I have defeated all the thugs in the mansion and rescued the two hostages using the chandelier but the notes (according to the map) are in an area sealed off by a security gate. I need help, and desperately!"
 "DON'T DO IT. YOUR BALLS WILL EXPERIENCE THE COLDEST OF HELLFIRES."
 "Tell that friend that you can absolutely go out on NYE...  if she pays.   That will either shut her up, or if she really wants you there, she will pay. I've done it for friends who were short on cash when I had some extra cash before."
 "That is how people assemble the world. By filtering it through their senses. Your protest is based on that technique too.   \"Your perspective is not true for me. Thus it is invalid\".   "
 "no"
 "Can someone give you gold ?"
 "Thanks. :)"
 "Mixing soy sauce with wasabi.  Please don't up vote. Thanks. "
 "I'm sure.... I have no idea... what you could possibly be talking about."
 "Lawnmower Man - - just kept changing the premise and the abilities of the characters too many times.  Cliffhanger - - 10 minutes in, I realized I didn't want to burn another two hours of my life on that stupid film."
 "...did you not read my comment about the difference between 2000 and 20,000,000 earlier?    This is a thing a lot of people don't really understand: poor people often make sub-optimal choices because the \"better\" options require more cash at one time--which they don't have.   I read an illustration of this point that goes like this: Two men need to buy new boots.  One is rich (has 200 bucks to spend), the other poor(only has 75 bucks to spend).  The rich man buys Brand A, which cost 150 bucks and are guaranteed to last 5 years.  The poor man buys Brand B, which only cost 50 bucks, but have to be replaced every year.  After 5 years, who's spent more money on boots?    It's irrelevant how much more the baby costs when the person can't afford the abortion in the first place. If we had a public health system where the person could get abortions for free (or very nearly free) then you'd have an argument.  "
 "Superman.  Just make me Superman.  Thanks."
 "I hate it when guys try to show off/act alpha. No one thinks you're cool, I'd rather you just talk to me."
 "That is three"
 "\"Girl, lemme get at that ass and tear it apart\""
 "I think it stems from \"could've\" because it sounds just like \"could of\". "
 "Since I've learned this, watching some people chopping with their fingers out is like watching a horror movie with crazy tension waiting for the gory bit."
 "I begin every sentence with an epology, sorry that's the case that's just British policy."
 "Our city has something called \"First Night\" downtown. I've heard of other cities that do it too. You don't have to be 21 to participate in the festivities. I'm not going because I'm lazy. "
 "Rush: R30/30th anniversary tour. Awe-inspiring. Even saw a female or 2 in the crowd."
 "Even as an atheist, St  Jude will always get my money.  They do great things for children and their families."
 "Wait, you said that a zip code shouldn't determine what kind of quality of education somebody deserves, but you *do* want to stop aid at our national borders?  Or do you really believe that classroom actually needs more help than one?"
 "Apparently commenting \"Water\" into every \"what are you drinking?\" thread.  Always gets me downvotes."
 "So says Princeofcatpoop in Latin, so it must be true!   Happy cake day!"
 "commenting just so I won't forget"
 "Perfect or photographic memory. My grades would be better and life would be a little more efficient overall. Plus there are some memories I really cherish and would hate for them to fade over time. "
 "your username tells me this wasn't the first time you've illegally obtained something. "
 "It's all good. Hope you feel better!"
 "No, no, no. It's a matriarchal conspiracy to ensure that we never have purses. I have to wear cargo pants. :'("
 "area pothead will tell you what the real crime is"
 "Well it's not my fault this question is asked every other week!"
 "Engineering issue though, that can be solved over time. Before you know it you'll just put your shit in a cart and it'll get scanned automatically. When you get to the cash register everything is already tallied and you just need to bag it. "
 "I finally saw my girlfriend and spent some time with her getting coffee at our favorite cafe. I'm gonna go watch the ball drop in New York City on TV with family soon!"
 "I once heard about a german architect who fell off a framing, when showing it to the arab client. the arab came closer and closer while talking to him, which apparently resulted in him, unknowingly, moving closer to the edge of the building until he fell. i think he survived though. "
 "Eat the societies, can't frown when dead."
 "I was 12 and my entire neighborhood was partying and grilling meat (&lt;3 coastal south) while the kids fucked around and lit fireworks. There were older kids there who were smoking cigarettes and being super edgy who I clung to. Lied about my age and ending up getting my first (awkward and terribly misaligned) tongue kiss with a fourteen year old brace face that I never saw again. BEST. NIGHT. EVER.  Time to post a craigslist Missed Connection...."
 "Why not?  Fuck it, you should make more doing that and fucking up the lemonade and not being add to do the basic math to provide customers change as the guy working 90 hours at a start up.    Seriously, the mentality here is just embarrassing.  People are saying that its \"unfair\" that they might have to live at home because they decided to not purse any skills or talents but they want to drive a new  car, have their own place, eat wherever whenever and, oh yeah, only work at maximum of 40 hours.   "
 "How is it bullshit? I don't want to be around people who smoke for various reasons. Health reasons, and personal preference.  I respect that you have a right to do what you want. But why is it bullshit for me not to want a part of it?"
 "I was never forced to drink or do drugs or anything physical, but went through a few grill sessions (mentally tense if anything). We had to do some hard work and get he stuff off our checklist we needed to cross, but I was never physically harmed. Some of the mental stuff was enough. There was a certain point in the process where you knew the guys too well and that they would never put you in any real harm, just the sense of it. Loved it."
 "Just tell them, they should be happy."
 "I dont live there but have a lakehouse in the Ozarks, if yo are in the area Ozarks are pretty fun."
 "ASPCA. cause kitties."
 "That's cool! I got a PM from someone asking if my last name was Bell because he knew a girl by that name that was really attractive. Maybe he was talking about you!"
 "Don't you think that even if they can only be presented as food additives/spices/whatever their grip on the mind of people who for whatever reason do not trust doctors/medicine will be unaffected?      Besides, homeopathy's harm isn't in their \"medicine\" but in the continuation of anti-scientific thinking, and the avoidance of proper medicine, check a few of these stories:    "Shannyn Sossamon.   Also Jude Law. Guys are all like \"Ryan Reynolds is so hot, I'd go gay for him.\" But let's be honest here. Ryan isn't someone who you take home to mom and dad. Now Jude Law on the other hand? What a babe!"
 "I thought Talinn in Estonia was nicer honestly."
 "People not knowing about the double-negative rule.  EVERYONE I KNOW HAS NO IDEA ABOUT IT."
 "Ebony and ivory "
 "I absolutely LOVE that book! "
 "Which then in turn boosts the birth-rates.  It's a self-sustaining cycle."
 "*YOUR MOTHER KNOWS THE TRUTH!*"
 "I meant to say eve, I just brain farted. "
 "Yeah I did see some nice ones :) However, I saw some theories in serious need of spoiler tags for potential show watchers/new book readers, and felt it needed a warning."
 "yes, it happened slowly through flirting and talking. thne we became best friends, and totally fell hard for each other. i want to show him how much i love him, the rest of my life."
 "no tip 0/10"
 "2048p"
 "100% agreed. There's no reason adultery should be legal. As another user mentioned, it at the very least seems like breach of contract. (Unless you're a Mormon.) If you don't want monogamy, don't get married. Want a different partner, separate properly."
 "It's just not right. lol I've met people within the tattoo community who have a really negative response when someone says \"gun\" in place of \"machine\". It's just the most common thing I could thing of."
 "do not challenge him to a duel, whatever you do"
 "I lived in DC for a year. I agree with this completely.   And then I moved to San Francisco.   It is 100 times worse here. No one understands this etiquette. MAYBE 1 in 100, but if you try it, you just get glares from the standing people who you are trying to push past when you rub against their purses/brief cases/what have you.  GAH."
 "i'm cool with not being here anymore"
 "Stupidity. The kind of stupidity that is born not of simple ignorance, but of an active rejection of knowledge. People who won't try new things because they're new. "
 "You what?"
 "It begs the "Don't get married too early."
 "Tie between Irish, Norwegian, and Swedish. Irish because heritage and Enya, Norwegian because I'm considering moving there, and Swedish because Notch, Pewds, and Caramelldansen"
 "Humans. They scream too much. You basically can't eat them in a social setting without feeling rude."
 "a sincere apology contains no excuses or explanations. If there are mitigating circumstances, they can be dealt with later. It can be extremely liberating to admit \"I have behaved badly and it has caused me shame\". or, colloquially, \"I've been an asshole\".   Oddly, I've found that a excuse-less apology often ends up with the offended party being the one to volunteer what ways it wasn't entirely under your control or fault..."
 "You embody in your answer everything that is wrong with economics.  You are not actually wrong, you are just an asshole (and I do not mean personally that you are an asshole, but your system of beliefs is that of an asshole).  Economy is a system established to make commerce, trade, manufacture and services functioning between two people of a society/community. It has since been corrupted by inventive, greedy and lazy asshole who found niches to exploit. To the degree that we now worship Economy as some kind of a god and its edicts as holy and immovable as laws of physics.  You can justify ANYTHING using the economic sledgehammers. Down the path you went lies slavery, because nothing is as profitable for physical labour acquisition as kidnapping people and forcing them to work. Luckily, some of us (the commie, socialist, pinko liberals) decided that its not nice. We (the US) actually went to war over it.  Likewise, if we dont kill ourselves, there will be time where people like you, justifying why people should starve and die of treatable medical conditions because of profit and loss curves will be looked upon with the same horror as a Southern Cotton Picker arguing for slave labour and profitablitiy.  Living wage is not a fucking economical abstract. It is a right, and the fact that it is even considered like some kind of economic abstraction is a beautiful demonstration why greed and corruption has taken over American politics in dictating progress.  There is a reason why liberals are called progressives and conservatives are called ... well lets leave the name calling for another thread. If it was not for commie/pinko/socialist/liberal scum, we would still be sitting waist deep is sewage feeding children into the grinders of 'industry' for the few to make profits. As it is we are not far from it, and rhetoric like yours is part of the problem. I cant believe you got 4 reddit golds, makes me sad."
 "Basically the same rules as driving. Here we drive on the left, so its keep left unless overtaking. Same goes for when on foot, although there are still people that don't get this, which always makes me wonder how they managed to drive to the place they are now blocking up without dying."
 "Made out with my brother. We were playing spin the bottle as a kind of ironic throwback to days of yore. We were in our early 20s at the time. Pretty wasted and made the mistake of entering said spin the bottle game even though there were only 5 people in the circle and one of them was a member of my family."
 "Christ, that is so horrible of the church to focus on women as basically walking vaginas and nothing more. Urgh. It's pretty perverse to lecture young girls and women in that way.  A lot of the sensation you get from penetration happens at the entrance and the first few inches. Anything beyond five inches or so isn't likely to improve matters. Too long and it's more likely to mash your cervix and that can really hurt.   It's worth noting that the cervix pulls up a bit and the vagina gets a little longer when you're turned on, as well as muscles relaxing and lubrication happening. A small, tight vagina is a strong sign that someone isn't having much fun."
 "Do not chase the bottle of whiskey you just dropped down the cement stairs."
 "Pronouncing the words \"across\" as \"acrost\" and \"espresso\" as \"expresso\". It's always like nails on the chalkboard to me. "
 "Other humans that we can breed with"
 "Nuclear power and batteries. There's enough uranium, plutonium, and thorium around to meet our energy needs for hundreds of years. "
 "Side rant: You've taken an economics class though! This is what people are not understanding with this \"I do well cause I work hard!\" shit. You think the people working for minimum wage aren't working their asses off? Someone's parents can't afford to pay for college, or trade school, so they have no higher skills to enter the job market with. Then they get a shit-paying job and have no time or money to go to school, even if they want to. Their only experience is in entry level work. So, what other job are they going to get? They are stuck.   OK, I think OPs argument isn't that companies should want to pay a living wage. It's that we as citizens should demand that everyone get a living wage, or at least the means to live out of poverty. Workers are not \"labor\" they are fellow people that we should be looking out for, and our government is supposed to be the tool we use to do so.  "
 "And do it on your own iPad laptop or whatever with your own LTE, if you are worried about IT catching you."
 "I like [\"Hillary Clinton Threatened By Black "Last Airbender"
 "Agreed. "
 "Yeah happy birthday dude lol."
 "It's quite simple. You allow yourself to get caught attempting a simple lie. You make it seem like you start stumbling over words, can't keep eye contact, etc... when you are trying to lie, so that the target thinks you are totally inept at lying and they can \"always tell when you are lying\".  Then, when you wish to lie to them, simply say the lie with the utmost integrity, and confidence. The target, believing this is an impossible feat for you unless you are being entirely honest, will believe whatever you say.  The absolute best way to do this if you struggle with it is simply to create false memories. Basically follow Kramer's advice to George in Seinfeld... if you really believe something, a lie detector can't detect you lying. Apply that to all of your actual lying, and you're basically golden.  The fact of the matter is that most people don't have the resources to check most of your lies. You actually get to manufacture the truth. Also, the concept of truth is too fuzzy to figure out anyway. After all, you're only \"telling the truth\" based on your memory, and since that is easily faked, how do you know what the truth is/was anyway?"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Someone's heart, priceless.   spoiler: this never actually happened... yet"
 "With the wavy side up?"
 "People worship other people that aren't even from America! Ex. Justin Beiber, One Direction, Drake, PSY, etc.  Please make it stop."
 "You see, my problem with cooking is weariness. I cook my own meals from monday through friday. But I don't even get to taste them on their prime because I have to carry them on plastic tuppers and microwave them at work. Even if I cooked a masterpiece I wouldn't be able to truly enjoy it. And when the weekend comes, the last thing I want to do is cook. I just want to relax and try different restaurants, not worrying about complex grocery lists or doing the dishes."
 "Politics"
 "I don't blame people for being ignorant about any particular psychiatric disorder, that's equivalent to expecting them to be familiar with all of them, but I think a general guideline should be \"don't assume you know what it is and how it works unless you've actually studied it (and even then it's sometimes a bit hit-and-miss)\"."
 "I'd totally sign up to have my mind wiped right about now."
 "On a cab ride home after the bar one night, a good buddy of mine was already passed out in between two of us in the back seat. Copper Head Road by Steve Earle was playing on the radio and he awoke just in time to sing aloud \"copper head road!\"...and then pass right back out. "
 "I don't care if you get engaged, will the parents be upset?  Seriously they'll be so jazzed to be grandparents they won't care what's going on."
 "My dog is an 11 kilo Shetland sheepdog, only 7 months old, but he's like a little guard dog. He's constantly alert and has to sniff EVERYTHING new. When he was a puppy, he used to sniff my legs for a while after I got out of the shower, just in case they were a bomb or something. If anyone drops anything, especially if it is quite loud when it hits the floor, he's straight over there growling. He also growls if he can see someone come too close to the house, and is currently barking at the fireworks he can hear. He loves most people once he finds out they're not a serial killer, but absolutely hates my grandad, constantly barking at him.  Oh, and he tried to shag a feather duster once. "
 "I'd \"celebrate\" Hitler day if it got me out of work / school."
 "*neckbeard tips it's fedora, strokes fedora's neckbeard*"
 "My pet plays fetch and will \"shake hands\" if I ask him to. He's also a cat"
 "What kind of materials do you need?"
 "You can have my love.  *insert creeping face here*"
 "thank you for clearing that up for me."
 "\"I'm very sorry if anyone took offence at what I said [not that I think what I said would warrant anyone doing so]\". "
 "Well, Disney is goona be releasing this new movie soon, star wars, or something like that. But it'll probably be crap."
 "If we distributed the wealth equally, each person would be entitled to less than 15,000 USD worth of currency and possessions. "
 "Never let anyone else down or hurt someone else's feelings."
 "this is why I love reddit, for great comments like this."
 " eunuch,   O.o"
 "I would not expect a movie called Lawnmower man to be good."
 "/u/ProudTurtle misses /u/projectedwinner, naww!"
 "People needing to know if they're pregnant or not can just take a pregnancy test or get something in the mail."
 "Choosing a urinal in the men's room.  The rules are, if 7 urinals, 1 occupied, you don't stand next to the lone person peeing. No eye contact. No sneaking a peak. Eyes forward. Small talk is ok. NO TOUCHING EVER! Never pair up. If there is a pair already peeing and you can't pee by yourself make it 3, rather than make another pair.  This is so simple, and literally no one follows these obvious and simple rules."
 "[Alzheimer's Sufferers Demand Cure for "Yeah, that's great!"
 "Ahh, okay. I think some people eat them as dares. Apparently they taste horrible."
 "There may or may not have been ice cream sandwiches involved. Part 3 would have clearly been satisfied..."
 "I met her in the cheese aisle in a supermarket near where she lives in Edinburgh. That's the closest I've come to meeting a famous person "
 "[(CLASSIFIED) Bill Defends Against Flesh-Eating "Mentioning that there are people that believe vaccinations cause autism will gain you loads of karma no matter how many times it's mentioned. "
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "I figured maybe you were from Europe! Midwest represent!"
 "Is it grey or gray?"
 "My spouse saw me watching that and said, \"At least he's not wearing roller skates\". "
 "Midnight."
 "If you don't mind me asking, how do you feel you make enough money for your career? Also, was it hard to find a job? I've heard that linguistics doesn't have the best job outlook which is saddening because its something that I find fascinating. Are there any colleges you recommend for linguistics?"
 "I personally believe a full time job should be able to pay for the bare essentials, living, food, insurance etc, most jobs do not. I live in Bergen County, one of the richest areas in the US, (Alpine is here which is the 6th richest town) I work a full time job 75cents over minimum wage, get 45 hours a week with 12 dollars an hour for that 5 hours of overtime. I can't afford to get a place of my own, I can barely afford my deductibles on health insurance and all that jazz, school money is also a pain, heavily in debt. I believe it should be tailored for the area that you live in."
 "Law of reddit: Content is neither created nor destroyed. It is only reposted."
 " i'm gonna get sued   Hello fellow white person."
 "I'd rather be Wolverine than the Doctor, though. With the Doctor, you break your arm and you can either let it heal, or regenerate and then you need to get new ID's and everything. It'd be a huge hassle.   Having everything from bullet-wounds to papercuts heal nearly instantly would be the tits. "
 "[Probably something "I've always been fond of [Puff the Magic this tattoo is pretty are two really amazing upper-arm tattoos.  I don't know any of these people but their work is so amazing that I've had them saved for a while!"
 "If you imagine cold and desolate, blue would be at home.   If you picture a picture an old parlour room filled filled with cigar smoke, blue rules the spectrum.   The colour blue is the flagship of the oceans, the sky and the most beautiful eyes on earth.  "
 "Pootie Tang; no explanation necessary."
 "I think you're asking the wrong question.  *Should* every full time job should present a liveable wage?  That's something I'll leave others to debate.  I might have an opinion, but it's just that, an opinion.  Whether or not every job *should* pay a \"liveable\" wage is not the kind of question that has a black-and-white, demonstrably correct answer.    The fact is that in a capitalistic economy, not every job *CAN* provide a \"liveable\" wage.  That's just basic economics.  The fast food workers who want to double the minimum wage, for example, don't appear to understand that that wouldn't do them (as a class) any good.    I'd like to believe that most people would love it if employers could somehow pay every person in America a \"liveable\" wage.  But we can't.  So asking whether or not we *should* is kind of a pointless question.  "
 "I was a little shit, very passive-aggressive.   I'm glad I turned out as well as I did..."
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Houston, we have ignition..."
 "It works, even with really young children.  It works *especially* with really young children. Little kids learn from reward and punishment. At 2 years old, they are about as smart as a dog. Don't feel bad if \"teaching\" your kid at that age is really \"training\" your kid. Many people who train puppies know that you have to catch bad behavior as it happens. If you see something 10 minutes later, it's already probably too late to act on it. The same thing is true with toddlers. Taking a 1 year old off to the side and trying to tell them why something was naughty doesn't help. Stop the behavior immediately and institute a punishment. At 1 year old, it should be a 1 minute time out. As they get older, it changes, but as a very little kid, it should be immediate reward  punishment.  I used reward and punishment all the time when my 4 year old was one and two. Naughty behavior? A time out, or we leave immediately. If the behavior was dangerous (like grabbing at a light socket), it might get a slap on the hand the second time. Good behavior? The younger he was, the more immediate the reward was. Sometimes, just praise and/or cheering for them is reward enough. Sometimes, I used food (but some experts warn against food as a reward in many circumstances). "
 "_ i want to test this"
 "communist china hasnt ever really done anything at all thats praiseworthy"
 "None of those online registries are legit. NSAR, USSDR, SDRA and more are all scams. "
 "Whip out your junk, slap her in the face, and walk away with your dangler hanging out.  Never fails."
 "How many people have actually asked you if you're a truck?"
 "Well, it goes back about forty years when my uncle moved down to Florida from CT for work, and my grandpa went a few years later after he and my grandna divorced. Around ten years later, my dad flew down to visit, met my mom(Who, coincidentally, worked at the same place as my uncle) and decided to stay. Now, my aunt and my grandma are still up there so I go up there a lot. "
 "This is ~~definately~~ defiantly true."
 "Just got a new phone. I Will try"
 "GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAL "
 "But all those catchy nicknames your best friend gives you while you're out solving crimes really takes the edge off if being a super-sniffer, right Gus?"
 "Motorcycles. It's against the law to drive a car without a seatbelt, but put somebody on a relatively much more dangerous vehicle and suddenly seatbelts aren't deemed necessary? I know there might be some economic advantages to motorcycles (less money spent on gas, etc...) but it really doesn't seem worth the danger."
 "Like, mad arbitrary. "
 "That is fucking awesome. "
 "There's some asshole talking shit back there"
 "Oh yes, being a skilled manager is tremendously difficult and should be paid accordingly.    Edit: genuinely curious about the downvotes.  Do you disagree that being a good manager is difficult? "
 "Proceed to fart and possibly worse"
 "Then wouldn't wages rise with all the people not having to work this low-paying jobs?"
 "Good!   That story was epic. "
 "I can only read that with a thick Texas(?) accent"
 "Depends can you be bothered to write the g and h? "
 "No it hasn't, it's been raised 3 times in the last 10 has been raised 10~ times within a 30 year period, and this doesn't even includes the increases that individual states set.    For example I am from California, were it has been changed 15 times the last 30 years, thats ONCE every 2 years on "This.  Especially .22's. More people are killed by 22's because \"oh its not a real gun\"  truthfully it is and itll do alot more damage than youd think.    * Treat all guns as if they are loaded. * Never let the muzzle cover anything you are not willing to destroy. * Keep your finger off the trigger until your sights are on the target. * Be sure of your target and what is beyond it."
 "I'd like to not jail. We are talking about money right?"
 "* \"Drink too much ale, go to jail.\" * \"Drink too much wine, pay the fine.\" * \"Drink too much whiskey, driving is risky.\" * \"Drink too much beer, lose your license for a year.\" * \"Drink too much nog, spend the night in the bog.\""
 "I have a hard time not drinking Monster energy drinks. I always relapse. 2 to 3 a day is normal for me. On top of being expensive, they fucking eat your stomach. I just always end up justifying it in my end somehow."
 "Should have bitten her really hard and then slap her with your penis. "
 "I don't need your permission to take your love. I will simply take it."
 "Sell coffee. I once read an article about music stores and how they can survive and it seems pretty similar. Basically they have to turn into social centers where people can try things out, drink coffee and get free internet access. If libraries did free ebooks that you could go and sit and read, maybe things like free courses similar to Lynda.com then they have a chance of still being relevant In a digital age."
 "Just go \"God I hope not\" and try not to think about it."
 "works"
 "Well make them synthesise best at 37.5.  Simple solution! This is God we're talking about here!"
 "I don't think smartphone are much of a luxury anymore. You can often get a mediocre smartphone for free with a new contract. Sure, it wont be the new flagship iPhone or Android phone."
 "Are you serious, really?"
 "SPOILED IT"
 "That's a rather large if, and doesn't really apply to most jobs.  In general, the harder you work the more successful you'll be at your given career path. And there is a difference between working hard (but smart) and working long hours doing things the hard way. You might be able to get away with writing a few scripts to do your job for you if you're a low level IT monkey and don't have much ambition, but being proactive will get you far more promotions, raises, and success. I don't know about you, but I'd rather work a 40 hour work week making a six figure salary than a 40 hour work week making mid-five figures."
 "Only off of one leg, though. You could do both, but only one is necessary. "
 "It's fitting when you look at some of the stuff they promote and say. So many lies."
 "I cant find it. its a small headline that says \"After a long night of partying Pope Benedict XVI realizes that not every life is sacred.\""
 "Suckerpunch...I left after I woke up to see Vanessa Hudgens trying to act. "
 "Ponce de Leon wasn't looking for the Fountain of Youth."
 "You know better than that.  The S-D curve for a heterogeneous labor market does not reflect the wage structure at an individual firm.  There is a degree of price (wage) discrimination at a firm, but it is small compared to other markets.  PD only works if the firm has market power and can avoid arbitrage.  That may work locally in isolated cases or industries, but we shouldn't be teaching that as doctrine."
 "I tried to take one but he is freaked out about the fireworks and he won't come out from under the covers right now. [This is the little guy with his catnip play mat "Not me, but one of my friends have stolen over 5000 dollars in online currency from Apple."
 "What if told you there is a grand conspiracy employing millions plumbers. There's not. "
 "Google fiber optics courses. They have free online classes. Once you learn the material, one of your local technical colleges should offer the certification test. "
 "Kingdom Hearts: Chain of Memories; Riku IV.   Riku IV can go choke on hippo cock and die. "
 "I just wanna use ur love "
 "I walked out of After Earth. Probably my pick for the worst movie of 2013."
 "Or I, robot"
 "Fuck, that is pretty much minimum wage in Australia. It's pretty disgusting the wages that workers are paid in the US, I have no clue how anyone does it. "
 "If you can't pay your bills with the job you have, it's time to either reduce your bills by eliminating non-essential shit from your life or find a better job.  I have no empathy for people who put themselves into shitty life situations.  The world makes no promise that everyone will be above the poverty line.  You don't need comfortable solo accommodations, a new iPhone every year, cable TV, and a car.  Get a place with a roommate or two, get a 7-Eleven prepaid phone and use it for essentials only, sell your car and buy a bicycle.  If you don't like it, better yourself so you can be more desirable to employers and contribute more to society.  Don't try telling me minimum wage isn't livable.  Fast food restaurants around here are packed with Filipinos who manage to send money home to their families every month on their minimum-wage incomes."
 "nice try, but now I'm convinced you think curiouspeach has a ravenous appetite for live cats  dick"
 "Depends on what you consider \"sleep with\".  But no matter what the answer is still zero."
 "Lots of very useful information, thanks so much! We knew we would keep the baby, never a doubt in our minds, so atleast that one we will be able to tackle."
 "Last year, I bought a thing of that shitty mio energy stuff to try it out, but soon decided that it was not healthy for me. I discovered that it did prove useful because it looked identical to blood.   The plan was that I was going to squirt it on my hands and wrists to scare my friends shitless that I had been stabbed.  That morning before school when I applied the stuff to my arms. Unfortunately for me, I had applied WAY too much and it looked like I had all of my arteries cut on my arms. When I was walking up the stairs to where my friends were located, it started to drip onto the floor. I didn't make a big deal out of it and I kept walking.   When I got to the top and stumbled onto one of my friends it scared the living shit out of them and one of them was about to get the nurse. I then informed them that it was a prank and it was cherry mio.   I had completely forgot about all of it that dropped onto the stairs, but was soon reminded when one of the interesting teachers/wrestling coach sees it and calls the principle. They then close the stairs and make a huge thing out of it and ask everyone around if they knew what had happened. They then come to my group of friends and, luckily I see them and book it before hey noticed me.   I stop into the closest bathroom so I can wash the stuff off. I soon realize that the dye had stained my arms and I was unable to remove it.   I had to spend the rest of the day with my arms covered like an abused child, so that no teacher would see the blotches of red dye. Luckily, none of my friends told on me so I didn't receive an ounce of punishment.   The lesson I learned that day was that I'd do it again. "
 "Hit black ice on a highway. Did a 180. There is this pause when everything is quiet, time slows and two facts set in: We're screwed. There is nothing I can do about it.  Then we hit the divider. The outside wheels come off the ground. Time slows again. The wheels come back down. The car is right side up.  We have a few minutes to realize we are ok. Also, we find out that we stopped 10 feet from an abandoned trailer on the side of the road. Hitting that would have sucked!  Then a jack knifed 18 wheeler starts sliding towards us. It's cab is in the shoulder we crashed in and the trailer in both the lanes. It slides like that towards us for a long way. We were just about to jump out of the car and run for it when it stopped. "
 "Ahh OK I've got passions then!"
 "Just... wow."
 "Whoa! I was 12 and also in North Carolina on Y2K and also evidently had this tab open for three days before posting...  What are the fucking chances?!!?!?!"
 " Samuel L. Jackson  FTFY"
 "Shut Up  Sit Down!  Best site for tabletop game "I used to merely be interesting to talk to. Now I revel in showing folks the rabbit hole."
 "Portuguese e muito dificil. Gosto da lingua! Mas e impossivel!  Yeah I don't have accents on this keyboard, sorry."
 "KIDS, GET ON FUCKING FACEBOOK AND RSVP TO MY FUCKING FACEBOOK EVENT."
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "diarrhoea*"
 "Also people who write, \"minus well\" ... REALLY? Does that have meaning to you?!?! It's MIGHT AS WELL! "
 "I'm 1) an American 2) a player in the 'dream' 3) a volunteer for rescue missions and food pantries. Sorry to burst your bubble and offend your senses but if you thought the American dream was real you are naive or delusional.   So here I am, I have gone from being a child of a single-parent on food stamps, to receiving a full academic scholarship during undergrad but still having to work to pay for the rest of life (rent, food, gas, car insurance, phone, etc.) and take out loans and earn fellowships to continue onto graduate school. I'm about to defend my PhD. And even as an individual in a STEM field there are a pittance of jobs and very little funding. I have formally applied to 8 jobs in two weeks and informally contacted about 15 faculty members. I have great credentials...and so does everyone else. The Race to the Top bullcrap has cheapened the bachelor's degree to the point that a Master's or Doctorate isn't even enough. You need a post-doc to do a post-doc. Am I living the American Dream with $30K of debt making $20K a year and having zero job prospects?  Or maybe the clients at the food pantry are living the American dream. They are only eligible for temporary assistance of a once-per-month visit, but hey, it's not supposed to be comfortable, right? If they have a child dependent they have an on-going referral so they get monthly access indefinitely until the child turns 18. I guess we can just assume that they don't want anything better for themselves, or they'd just go get an education and move up in the world, right? Some of them don't have transportation, some are disabled, some are elderly...but all they have to do is just sign up for some courses and work really hard and they, too, can end up with a PhD and no job.  What's insulting is the fact that people are so blind to the reality of the situation that they are insulted when others point it out because they base their whole philosophy on the dream. "
 "The whole kardashian family. They don't deserve to be capitalized."
 "Ah yes, the creators of fartscroll.js..."
 "SHE'S A FAKE I SAY!"
 "Is there a set number of followers you would need?"
 "Here's where the issue of whether minimum wage should be a federal or city/state concern. A living wage in NYC is much higher than what it is in middle of nowhere PA.  "
 "Thanks mate, I'm sure I'll be fine!"
 "DEFEAT ME IN COMBAT."
 "One person can live off $20k. They wont live a luxurious life, but they can. I only used the $20k because it is what OP used."
 "Those basic-ass phones though.."
 "#1 Gaming tournaments.   #2 Fantasy football.   #3 Woodworking. #4 Drawing/Graphic Design."
 "Whining about thousands of things that others do or dont do is a big turnoff for me..."
 "Ovary production is already turned off. In fact if ovary production could be turned on, women could have babies later in life too!"
 "Drug are bad mmkay"
 "Why else would an adult work full-time in a retail job?  Bad life choices and a refusal to improve themselves.    The fact of the matter is that the jobs that are available to most of the work force are service jobs.   Actually, that is false.  Employment is really tight in skilled labor and in many fields.  The problem is that people aren't willing to improve themselves.   People work these jobs to afford homes, food, vehicles and comfort.  Which then comes back to the question, why would someone with absolutely no skills or talents think they should be entitled to not live with their parents?    "
 "You should only need to run the tap for 2-3 seconds after a new keg is put on. After that you're just wasting beer. Worked in a bar for 3 Years, only ever ran the tap on a new keg. After that, no problems, no waste. "
 "Of course the cost of living would decrease. Fast food/grocery stores would be paying less in wages, and could charge less for food. Same for every other industry. There would be less outsourcing. Way less people would actually be making minimum wage. The utopia of people all making the same amount of money regardless of how much value they provide to their employer is a pipe dream. With better education, Americans would be in a better position to compete for jobs in the global economy. That's a real lchange that would make a difference, and not a band-aid like raising the minimum wage."
 "I have a greyhound that has a little spot on his ear that if you scratch just right, will make him let out this long, satisfied doggy moan. Drives my girlfriend crazy that she can never find the spot on him."
 "Motorcycles.   I don't understand why they are street legal. They seem like death traps. At least in a car there is some kind of solid protection surrounding you in case of an accident. In a motorcycle accident, death seems much more likely just because you would be flung from the bike. Plus the way people tend to drive motorcycles (excessive speed, between other cars) seems likely to ensure death. "
 "YOU'RE A GOD DAMN LIAR."
 "Your points are all anecdotal as well but it seems not even backed up by real life experience or any kind of reasoning. As some one that currently manages HS and adult employees and has been doing so for the past ten years I gave you numerous reasons why HS workers are NOT as good as adult workers and guess what, they are even LESS responsive to pay then adult workers. You honestly have NO idea what you're talking about and your backpedaling is hysterical. Have a nice new year lol."
 "I forgot how to engrish"
 "Yes. "
 "like in QI?"
 "Poverty line is a moving target. If everyone makes $30k/yr or more, poverty line will be about 25k for an individual. "
 "And that emergency solution is alcohol."
 "And what you're capable of and what people deserve are different.    60 hrs a week means you spend your entire day working and nothing else save for the 2 days off.  And those 2 days off you spend catching up and getting your shit in order.  Forget leisure time and actually enjoying a fragment of your miserable life you don't have any time to waste.    You definitely sound like someone that's never had to actually work that sort of set up but even work 50 hrs a week, 2 weeks in a row is soul draining and leaves you miserable.  Extending that to 60 hours and making it your life?  I admire and pity the folks that have to do that to survive and sustain a family."
 "\"Obama Replaces High-Speed Rail Plan with High-Speed Bus Plan.\"  The title isn't what got me, but [the was at the time one of the funniest things I had ever seen."
 "Initially I was actually buying some books in order to read about ways to improve recruitment and how to get new brothers in more effective ways for my fraternity. But the books that I was reading also turned out to be good self help books for how to improve your own personality, and through that reading I realized I had a lot of unnecessary insecurities and that there were some issues with the way I was treating people because of that. Reading can do great things!"
 "Fireworks or streamers instead. If you're pregnant, a tiny stork comes out."
 "Mine actually did :P"
 "Enjoy the gold."
 "Isn't it ironic that your parents probably withheld apologies because they thought it would undermine your respect for them, when in fact, it does absolutely the opposite? "
 "My room mates cat is a total cuddle slut except she's SUPER sassy about it. If we ever try to move she just starts meowing at us and glaring at us and tries to stay in her spot. But one cool thing that's been happening lately is she'll come up to the couch, preparing to jump where my boyfriend and I are sitting and I can say to her \"hey, I'm trying to cuddle with my boyfriend, can you leave us alone for a few?\" and she seems to get the message and walks away."
 "Realize that the world doesn't revolve around me sooner."
 "My family decided to get me drunk (to teach me a  that it's better to get drunk around family than out at parties with friends and strangers) and I ended up calling my neighbor a whore and telling her cousin that he was very fuckable."
 "No kidding. One sweet pleasure in an otherwise time-wasting interaction!"
 "I suppose it would be ok if they were hillbillys, but id prefer they dated outside the family."
 "This - [Low-Wage Employers Have Fought Hard to Keep Their Workers "How do you get into programming for money as a hobby?"
 "Japanese, because I've been attempting to learn Japanese for about six months and I still don't know anything beyond a few phrases. "
 "My father and law single-finger types (very quickly) with just his middle fingers. Some time in the past computer did him a grievous wrong that he has yet to forgive."
 "Free thought, sleep, and sex"
 "They're in separate tanks; we have three. One has a single neon, one has two black skirt tetras, a black neon, and an asshole betta, and our third tank *had* two goldfish in it, but now it's a goldfish tank and a hospital tank with the sideways goldfish."
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Wow thanks for the wonderful reply! I do wonder how it will work out with my friends since most of them are heavy drinkers.  But hopefully they will be as understanding as yours :) I did go to one AA meeting and I was more put off by all the religious stuff.  It was weird.  That's kinda why I wanted to reach out on Reddit.  And you've been exactly what I needed. Thanks and happy cake day! :)"
 "I'm Canadian and even I would've fingered her. British? "
 "Alcohol and Tobacco.  Cannabis is far less addictive and damaging and it is illegal. Why the fuck are these clearly damaging drugs legal and the least damaging drug illegal? "
 "As a Canadian, I can't help but feel apathetic to this. There is no easy solution here."
 "Smoke and a pancake? Bong and a blintz? Pipe and a waffle? Then there's no pleasing you, Mr. powers"
 "I am guilty of this. Although I do type very fast, I just type in an unorthodox fashion.  Note: I pressed the Caps Lock Key 18 times for this sentence."
 "If there's hair, it's not possible to always wipe completely without using a whole roll every time."
 "I'm not going to change how deeply I care for other people, even if it gets me hurt. "
 "He's talking shit again!"
 " It's kind of like how Christians used to say that belief in evolution meant you would become a \"survival of the fittest\" heartless murderer, as if acknowledgement of a scientific reality meant that we must all behave purely according to its tenets.  That's a gross distortion. The \"scientific reality\" is that survival of the fittest exists, but it has never had anything to do with \"heartless murderers\". This is simply religious people being inept at science. (Not that others are much better on average.)"
 "...we all have a visible package.  Right?"
 "Hey God, you should do an AMA!"
 "[Shannyn "A dog, tennis ball, and sun tan lotion.  The island is within swimming distance of mainland (Loophole bitch!)"
 "It is a sacred right!  I've had breakfast for dinner. And dinner for breakfast. And cake for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. I've EVEN mixed Mexican and Asian food!   ^okay ^that ^last ^one ^wasn't ^my ^best ^idea  But I'm an adult too dammit!"
 "saving"
 "Hard to say a specific one, but def an eastern language, probably Chinese, Arabic or Hindi. I feel like Latin/greek based languages are more accessible because of their origins, so I would want to learn a distant language so that I can feel much more connected with the other side of the world and over a billion people."
 "Thanks and enjoy your gold."
 "My cup holder in my truck will dump my coffee on turns, so this is my drive in every morning."
 "Don't stick your dick in crazy."
 "If she cheated with you, she will cheat on you."
 "If u look that's not his name"
 "[There's no "Yup, Olga's is gone and there's no circle any more. It is a lot more efficient with the overpass, all things considered. "
 "Knife, matches and a volleyball, you know, for company"
 "About the loud music in cars, with or without other people?  I could understand if they are being inconsiderate to their passengers, but I've never heard of anyone who would look down on someone essentially using music to drown out the rest of the world and relax."
 "Easier to just switch the ringer off."
 "Most missions in the Assassin's Creed series. They're the worst part of AC4, especially tailing people [Which is involved in at least half of the missions I've done so far.] Follow this assclown as he makes a loop around the town, going through every goddamn restricted zone and stopping every five minutes, then eavesdrop on him. Barely interesting the first time you do it, annoying as shit the next dozen."
 "Falling asleep is easy. Waking up. That's the hard part. I can fall asleep within 5 minutes pretty much anywhere. On the other hand I often turn my alarm off without getting up. "
 "Are you completely sane? Cos you're not coming across that way."
 "\"Time to claim some underwear.\""
 "Except that if companies are already making money hand over fist then there are two thing that can give: how low the living wage is, or how high the executive board's pay is."
 "This is so funny. I think it's hilarious when somebody in the same division as me (in LoL) calls me a nerd. Are we not playing the same game right now?"
 "Perhaps everyone on the board simply sees his/her self as a \"temporarily embarrassed CEO\" and hope to get into that position someday.  I believe that the US is the only place where CEO's make that much more than the average worker in the country.  Looking at this I'm actually quite surprised to see the Canadian ratio is around 200.  I was under the impression [maybe a few years ago] that is was closer to 20.  But other countries wages seem to point to that belief as being far too low."
 "Irrelevant. "
 "I live in New Jersey and make minimum wage mostly by choise. I am 21 and not in school anymore because I have not been able to find a career that I won't be happy with in 5 years. I agree wholeheartedly that minimum wage should just get you by. I am lucky enough to have a car and roof from my parents because I hardly afford to feed my self. It can't provide any form of an abode and also provide the means for a healthy diet. But that is what I think it should only give you. Healthy food, from the food store not eating out, a small room that just fits a bed and a book shelf with a small dresser and the ability to buy new clothes. But that just isn't possible, America has really fucked up with its care for it citizens, so much that I don't see why many are such hard core patriots."
 "I don't think they're saying they don't deserve a livable wage - I think they're saying the skills necessary to work at McDonalds aren't worth $15. And who's to say $15/hr is a livable wage? It's not for a family of 4 living in Boston. "
 "His parents will be. He has a brother who had a kid about the same age and they didn't react well. We're just trying to make it positive."
 "No! It's mine! I took it first. You'll just have to wait your turn."
 "more of the exact same, tomorrow will just be another day."
 "no kidding. some people just find a way to make every sort of food loud to eat. "
 "\"Freak in the Jeep\"   freaking kidding me? Unless you have a 4door those things are tiny"
 "Terminal velocity.  It's weird to think there is a limit of speed. Especially with cats not having a lethal velocity.  "
 "I never paid for cutco. Made a couple hundred bucks and decided I hated it. "
 "Copenhagen You can see it in your smile. "
 "Choo^choo"
 "I read somewhere recently that \"aks\" was a legitimate pronunciation of \"ask\" for a significant period of English language history. Still irritating as hell. "
 "I'm a little lost, why should you wait?"
 "I've done the same thing except with basket by dan mangan"
 "RTFM!!! "
 "Mine would be how to murder a person, i found it on 4chan."
 "There's a reason why spines have an S-shape."
 "op is actually a man which only makes this hotter"
 "[Star Wars National Screen Service Style  Clever concept, never topped. "
 "I sat behind a girl in French class at university and every day she came in with her foundation clumpy around her jaw line. She looked like she had tiger stripes near her ears because she didn't blend well enough. Obviously done badly and *not* intentional. I never knew how to bring it up though as we weren't friends or even friendly aquaintances, but it always made me feel bad for her because it looked atrocious. "
 "Peanut butter in shag carpet, man. "
 "Yeah it's confusing to learn, but once you do it's more efficient than the circle, especially given how much traffic goes through there now. "
 "My cat does that too! If she's feeling sick she runs inside to tell me with that same funny meow, then throws up."
 "If I ask for gold, it won't work.   If I pretend not to care, it won't work.   Hell, if I do this it won't work. "
 "Let's move towards more freedom, not less"
 "I would be interested to see some of the \"huge coroprate profits\" i have always heard about restated per-employee-making-less-than-some-amount rather than a single total. A billion sounds huge until it's divided by a million."
 "My dog hugs me if I'm upset"
 "biggest obstacle is you"
 "Drew Struzan did some pretty amazing Star Wars posters."
 "What is one thing about yourself you won't change in 2014?"
 "Spanish I live in south Florida "
 "Bell's monologues are still my favorite part about that book. They're absolutely brilliant."
 "Was she at the Arc de Triomphe?"
 one in my city, they are great, entertaining, and busy."
 "[Begs the "Me *too*  FTFY"
 "Productivity has been largely as a result of capital/technology and not labor. "
 "Evuma is good for practicing too. "
 "Well I'm a lucky bastard too :)"
 "Apparently 3."
 "I don't want to sound like a hippie but that doesn't seem too bad. I'm not much of a materialist, or so I'd like to think.  But your point also supports my other point. If there is indeed not enough wealth to go around, then science is the only way to create more wealth/a better quality of living."
 "Okay, well maybe you should have specified that instead of being a dick about it. Why don't you tell us how that happened to you?"
 "With crayons."
 "That was a joke on a Cracked Photoplasty."
 "You don't have the knowledge, power, experience or education to be a CEO. So you actually couldn't do half their job. If you already had these things, you could be a CEO."
 "When a grown women talks with a baby voice. Just stop. "
 "Very well said."
 "Interesting but doesn't it cost quite a bit of money to even attempt turning a profit?"
 "Just three. One of 'em last night!"
 "Apparently Korean is one of the hardest possible languages to learn for a native English speaker."
 "Then/Than is my personal pet peeve, and is extremely common, even among my \"well educated\" circle of friends. I guess its the way I pronounce them that they seem so obvious which one is which."
 "oh, i can't stay mad at you! Happy new year /u/Ameatypie!"
 "lol I don't think that would work...Heineken is too delicious ;) "
 "Whose Line Is It Anyways?  And not the one with the new host.  Drew Carey was much better, and the guys picked more fun at him."
 "Some sort of blue box."
 "My poor wife and her natural speaking voice. She just has this pitch that makes her sound really young. Her diction is good, but she's been asked by telemarketers if they could, \"Speak to your mommy please.\"  **TL;DR:** \"I *am* the fucking mommy!\""
 "I got that referance"
 "Now if you had the entering car then proceed to try and push the exiting car out the back of the space it would be a perfect analogy. "
 "Laugh a little. And fuck it"
 "Can you smell petrol?"
 "I learned to use bobby pins from a redditor"
 "That isn't anything remotely like what \"falling in love\" actually is. "
 "I attempted to steal from a thrift store while on an ativan binge. Had the people bag up like 4 bags of stuff and tried skipping the paying part by grabbing the bags and trying to walk out with them. "
 "Just bs it. "
 "its on now"
 "Object, subject, verb, muthafuckas!"
 "Different experiances for different people I guess.   For me, take your comment and flip hockey and football players around. "
 "its kinda cutee c:"
 "Insatiable Water Droplet Barrels Down Windowpane Consuming Everything In Its Path"
 "Whenever I present an object with many different colors to my cat he freaks out, as if on acid. Whenever I toss said object to him he'll go OH GOD WHAT mode and jumps a good foot in the air.  Neither one of my other cats does this. I have a feeling he can see more colors than other cats, hence his behavior."
 "1 penis for pee, 1 penis for sperm."
 "When I got boneitis."
 "Movie marathon, and beer. Lots of beer."
 "That was the point :P Didn't realize at the time people would go ballistic about it. I called him and told him some things that people said today and he just laughed and said \"Sweety, your digging a hole.\"    In the end I know who my dad is. :) "
 "Disabilities make people expect *more,* not less."
 "Broken arms"
 "Ehh, I grew up sitting on a computer and watching TV. Now I'm a computer network engineer. i  think there is a lot more that plays into it than just watching TV or using technology for its instant gratification."
 "It is.  It's from Cracked.  Redditors are not nearly as clever as they think they are."
 "Haha I know I did it on purpose!"
 "Good point but hopefully my cool powers would make up for that. "
 "None of them. I'm not principled because it's a fashionable thing to do. I am defined by my motives. A person who only enforces their principles when it suits them best is a person of questionable character. "
 "There's someone for everyone. Someone that doesn't like overly attached people will like you. Plus I've heard that autistic people make really loyal, strong friends when you actually do get close to them."
 "The fact is that in a capitalistic economy, not every job CAN provide a \"liveable\" wage. That's just basic economics. The fast food workers who want to double the minimum wage, for example, don't appear to understand that that wouldn't do them (as a class) any good.  What makes you think this is a fact? Can you back it up with mathematics?"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "If you can change it, change it. If you can't, you can't. Worrying will get you nowhere, so don't. :)"
 "I've heard that Steinbeck quote before, I like it. For the record, I DO support a minimum wage increase, but I live in an area with plenty of people that don't, and that's the argument they make. I never said it was scientific, it's purely anecdotal. I'm not sure what you mean by \"believing the right wing narrative\" though. That makes it sound like they've been duped or aren't smart enough to understand their positions; that might be true in some cases, but it's a dangerous generalization to say that people disagree with you only because they don't know any better (if that *is* actually what you're saying). "
 "I did this during a game of hide and seek in the dark once. Pretended I was a bin bag for an hour, then used the black cape I was using as a bin bag to pretend to be a hanging coat in a room they already checked, would recommend. "
 "Once I hit a person for running through the intersection when the light was out after I had stopped. They called a cop and when he got to the scene, he told me 'I have nothing to worry about, I did everything right.' Well, the insurance company thought differently and we were both at fault."
 "What's the worst part of entering a new year to you?"
 "I have two Cocker Spaniels. They're assholes. but they do the head tilt thing."
 "Become a programer "
 "No problem C: listen to music XD that's what always help. "
 "Religulous is an interesting documentary. Also the Two Escobars is worth a watch."
 "Running. "
 "Haha yes, size is quite important! "
 "I am at home with my parents because I did not feel like driving 7+ hours hungover on New Year's Day so I can be in a third location to work on the 2nd."
 "Start small: with an \"oops\" or \"uh oh. That's not right\". Work your way up to the mid range stuff, like \"I have clearly fucked this up\" Then you can get to the big guns!"
 "No you won't."
 "SO and I met on line 17 years and one week ago. We started out by e-mailing back and forth, as this was before the days of instant chat. "
 "It will be the same."
 "And it's awful for the animal. Absolutely awful. Tigers aren't meant to be pets. This isn't a fucking Disney movie."
 "Tie their shoes, ud be surprised. [Here] ( is more information. "
 "*Semolina pilchard climbing up the Eiffel Tower   Alementary penguin singing Hare Krishna   Man you should have seen them kicking Edgar Alan Poe   I am the eggman, they are the eggmen   I am the walrus, goo goo goo joob goo goo goo joob*...etc     I am the Walrus - The Beatles  "
 "Where I live, when the power goes out, the lights go black.  Not on at all.  And I see people treat them like they aren't there.  To be fair, at night they can be really hard to see.  But still, just because you're on the \"busier\" road doesn't mean you get to ignore the lights."
 "Ah, well with the goldfish its probably a swim bladder issue, its a common problem for goldfish.  Bettas can be assholes, I'm with you on that one!"
 "Wearing bicycle helmets backwards."
 "My New Year's resolution is to be less tolerant of people."
 "**Attention!** Please keep in mind that the OP of this thread has chosen to mark this post with the **[Serious] replies only** tag, therefore any replies that are jokes, puns, off-topic, or are otherwise non-contributory will be removed.  If you see others posting comments that violate this tag, please report them to the mods!   Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "I still don't get it. All that work for 7 seconds of video."
 "I bought the Moby wrap and he LOVES it when he is in the mood to snuggle. I just put it on and pull the top open and he crawls right in and makes himself comfortable. He goes to sleep in it 99% of the time and is just as happy as he can be. I forgot I was wearing it once and answered the door and the tiny little German lady who came to read my water meter almost passed out from shock when Critterbug stuck his head out of the wrap to see who was visiting."
 "To me, long nails, if they are clean, are not unacceptable, but definitely not desirable. Short nails are the go."
 "My mom has done that. I called her out on it and she said \"I am *just* being nice!\" I guess I am from a city cited with the nicest drivers. In my town you would probably see four people at a four way stop sign with smiles on their faces looking from driver to driver, waving with their hand, insisting that another person go even if by law it was their turn. I think this type of driving is dangerous, not nice."
 "My balls are a classic 911"
 "or writing \"mine as well\" instead of \"might as well.\""
 "Right now I'm in TIMES SQUARE!! Posting from my phone, bored and waiting for the ball to drop. Listening to artists, Blondie is really bad."
 "They can work in the summer, and after school. Maybe not full-time while taking classes, but certainly most students are not worth $15/hr and the job market for the would dry up if that was the case.  And if they drop out of high school, they deserve nothing... if they don't care enough about their own life to work hard to make themselves valuable, then why should I? Yes, some people have disabilities that preclude them from working. But the vast majority do not, and they don't deserve to have me forced to give them my money."
 "You can use me whatever way you'd like..."
 "Yeah, some people don't even account for yaw or solar allignment in their measurements. "
 "I have definitely seen them at Safeway."
 "One time I walked up to a girl at a party and because I wanted to get laid I thought it would be a great idea to say that my friendthought she was her boyfriend was right there and was huge. I winked at him and he punched me in the face. I got into a fight with a man three tuned my size.  "
 "Or Cantonese! Nine tones!"
 "They aren't part time jobs though."
 "Agreed, dated a friends ex. Led to me helping him realize his creepiness and start getting better relationships and girls hotter than most of my friends who are 'good' with women. Long story there but that's the TL:DR."
 "Its original intent was to find a job based on personality type, but businesses use their own variations to wrongfully dismiss applicants based on personality. Shitty indeed, but not illegal.  "
 "That's all good and all but it doesn't mean that having a vaginal delivery permanently stretches anything. There are other explanations that come to mind.   (the assumption being that you will progress more slowly and need to labor for longer)  Is this before the cervix is fully dilated? So maybe the cervix dilates quicker for second pregnancies and so on, but it absolutely holds shut just as it did for the first during the pregnancy. If it didn't, you'd have trouble."
 "Goddamn it Barb"
 "Dang it you stole mine ;_; it is a very good song though"
 "I personally don't see how you could NOT need an ID to vote.  What prevents people from voting 30+ times whilst claiming to be someone else?"
 "After the release of Licence to Kill in 1989, the James Bond film series got bogged down in various legal disputes that led to a six-year period during which no movies were released.  Then, in 1995, GoldenEye starring Pierce Brosnan hit theatres. IIRC, was the first promotional poster for GoldenEye released in theatres.  It's simple, it's minimalist, but it's damn effective.  For comparison, is the official theatrical release poster with Brosnan and his Bond girls, played by Izabella Scorupco (left) and Famke Janssen (right)."
 "Fight Club"
 "I look forward to the day all minimum wage labor can and is performed by robots.  The entire economy will have to restructure or all of the people at the bottom will just tear it down.       $1000 car on craigslist is great until it breaks down and I loose my job.  Oh and those two college classes I am taking I cant'g get to now but I still owe the money. God help me if I get sick because it's already going to take me a year to catch up to where I was before the car broke-down.      For me personally I have health issues. If I make more than roughly $597 per month I have to get insurance (hopefully ACA helps or I'm screwed) which I was quoted at just under $800 per month. Add co-pays at a $20 prescription co-pay ($200) and the same for Doctors visits ($60) And I am at $1080.      If I make over $598 per month I don't see another penny until I make over $1678 per month, everything I make in between goes to health insurance, but it's worse.  Before I could make $597 and have my healthcare needs met. Now I need to make $1080 per month ($12,960 or approx. $6.50 per hour) just to cover my medical needs.  Earning $1678 per month leaves me with the same initial $597 per month and worse health insurance. This works out to just about $10.50 per hour.      Connecticut's new minimum wage of $8.70 per hour makes me $1,392 per month before taxes. At minimum wage working full time hours I will have $312 per month left over after medical expenses. I will have less money in my pocket and more expenses if I don't make a minimum of $10.50 per hour.      What would yo do? It costs me more money to work full time than it does to stay on state. We haven't even figured in the food stamp benefits.  Unless I make $11.50 per hour It is better for me not to work a regular job, so long as I can make between $312 and $598 per month."
 "*swoons*"
 "Fuckin marker humor.  Bringing in the New year write! "
 "World Domination. ^I ^know, ^I ^know...  I had hopes, though."
 "It's just my opinion but service dog central is not the most legit site. It does house some fact and law but it's mostly opinion based. It's what the website creator thinks should be law and not what actually is law. A lot of outdated articles and pages too. There are way too many differentiating opinions to even try to get a small piece of advice or fact. "
 "It's almost as nice as having someone listen to your advice!"
 "Do not hurt anyone out of revenge OR Leave a 1 urinal buffer zone. "
 "Wow, that shit was crazy!"
 "Why so sceptic?"
 "I hate it. fucking nightmares."
 "That is it. Home Alone. I just watched it last week on Christmas.  It's pretty tame but it's fun.  I remember when it was brand new in the theater my young brother and I were falling out of our chairs in the theater laughing at it. I would have been about the age whatsisname is in the movie.  For another movie last week I watched the Patrick Stewart Chrismas Carol and also the Muppet one. They're both really good. Then I watched part of the Jim Carrey version and it sucks hard so I stopped."
 "I worked on aircraft for over half my life.  If you are talking to me, and I am not looking at you, I am not listening.  I have to watch peoples mouths to understand what they are saying.  I have lost 80% of the hearing in my left ear, and 60% in my right.  And if you start talking, and look away from me, I only heard the first half of what you said."
 "One zhevra out of 30 will have hooves. Any zhevra with hooves will have exactly 1."
 "Uhhhh... Maybe there's two of us supersoft PJ girls out there doing the same thing? Or else my BF has just revealed another of his alts here. BRB, reddit stalking."
 "Where do you live?  It would be great to send those people to you. "
 "I would hope when I get a SO, they won't share a used tampon with me.  Used condom for the opposite gender."
 "Stank pussy smellin' like Cool Ranch Doritos.  "
 "Gf's little sister got the boot after I explicitly explained how she was not to flush any tamps. Went to take a morning pee and there's a tamp floating away in my throne bowl."
 "That died a while ago."
 "That's a good one! What was your poison that night?"
 "I wonder if OP meant pill laxatives or like milk of magnesia and other liquid laxatives "
 "I'm more of a \"do nothing and watch-er.\""
 "I dunno dude, but I think I'm too poor to have a girlfriend. Most of the cash I can spend goes towards guitar gear and other music stuff..."
 "I know someone who says supposiVely. Grinds my gears like none other."
 "Health insurance.  Seriously, most of the health care problems (ridiculously inflated bills, inability to figure out what anything will cost, absurd hoops to get needed care because doctors won't do any until the insurance company says yes, etc) come directly from insurance. If nobody had it, the costs of medical care would need to be more in line/with the costs (so no more $16 ibuprofen or $250 saline bags when the real costs of those items are pennies)."
 "Chloroform, you will wake up with a sore ass though, atleast in my experience."
 "I do it purposely to help the weak build up resistances to pathogens."
 "Gills"
 "I'll be your girlfriend for $250, 000. "
 "Texas?"
 "It goes along with dismantling the rest of the welfare state, so probably a great deal more efficient. If someone is over the age of 18 they get a check, have a claw back on the tax return for high income earners, done. No drug tests, no reporting hours, no proving that you are looking for work, no paperwork. It is far superior than what exists at the moment as far as efficiency is concerned. "
 "Shit happened."
 "I am determined that it will not be for me.  Whatever the future holds for you Internet stranger, I hope it is good. :)"
 "When I didn't spend it alone."
 "What do you have against books?"
 "To be beaten half to death."
 "oh 5k running, 5k part went over my head? I think that's good and all for your health, but all you are gonna achieve is losing muscle and weight and looking sickly. Sprinting + lifting is the perfect way to stay balanced."
 "You accept what you think you deserve. Not just love, but in work  relationships, friendships, and life in general. "
 "How does that work with other locations/nouns? For example  \"I'm going to go to school\" works.  \"I'm going to go to police station\" doesn't work. \"I fell in river...\"  Could you explain a bit more? I checked wikipedia and it almost sounds like a Zero Article but that is typically used in plurals and mass nouns.  "
 "shitty"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Couple of years ago: My wife, son (2 at the time) wanted to spend christmas in new york. Used my miles to get business class to make it easier for the 10 hour flight with our son. Got to the checkin and was told that there was no business class today. I asked why and was told that the regular plane caught on fire! on the way back from new york and they had to use a different one. That was reassuring. They offered a full economy row per business seat and offered to refund the price difference. So we said ok and got on the flight. the full row was even better than a business seat so all was good. About 2 hours before landing people started rushing from the back to the front of the plane (where we were sitting). No clue what was going on. then they came on the intercom and asked if there was a doctor on board.  A guy in the back started freaking out and attacked his wife and then the woman next to her. A really big guy stepped in and knocked him out. So hard that the guy was covered in blood and needed a doctor... We continue to new york (after the flight crew briefly discussed diverting to Bangor). when the door opens 6 police come aboard and arrest him. Immigration took forever ... The line started at the door of the plane. 2 hours carrying a sleeping 2 year old sucks. when we get to the CBP Officer he turns around and discusses his weekend plans with his buddy for 15! minutes while i am still carrying a kid in my arm ... he then turns around and stamps our passports without a single word ... (but you cant say anything and just have to smile or you will spend another couple of hours at immigration)  Another: This one many many years back from Orlando to New York. It was a time before 9/11 and pilots would often leave the cockpit door open at all times (even taxi, take off and landing). We get to the runway and when we started to accelerate an alarm in the cockpit goes off. Pilot stops the plane and we taxi back to the terminal. The Pilot explains that a mechanic had to check it out and so he did. We went back for take off attempt no 2 and the same thing happens. We go back to the terminal and the mechanic checks out the engine - again. He then comes aboard and tells the captain: \"I really can't find the issue. would it be ok with you if I just took out the fuse for the warning system?\" I thought no way in hell but the pilot said ok. We took off and made it without a problem but I had a really uneasy feeling the hole time. (I am sure it was just a minor thing and that the pilot didn't want to die either ... but still)    "
 "Whatever "
 "Well he had a kid at 17. Obviously he seems like a pretty good dad, but it's rare that 17 year old guys are ready in maturity for the life of another human being. I think he just wants any suitor to be safer than he was so his daughter doesn't have to have a kid when she isn't ready. "
 "Huh, it seems the only 14 year old here is you, as at least I back up my post with a few sources and don't act like a mental midget.  Just because circumcision MIGHT help with some things it doesn't mean you should do it as a preventive measure. Do you take antibiotics before you get sick?  And btw, I'm in my late 20's."
 "I've got a first edition of Old Mr Boston Bartending Guide (printed in 1935) and am planning on mixing random drinks from it."
 "."
 "Without doing any research, I feel the answer is in the implied maturity and skill set required for a job. Walmart Greeter? Nearly zero skills required. Working fast food? Some skills needed, not a lot of maturity expected. It's the *idea* that certain jobs aren't for adults that allows society to accept the fact that people working those jobs don't get paid like adults should get paid; fast-food, huge retail chains, servers in chain eateries, etc. If someone has qualifications, they should be able to find a better job, that's the standard thinking. "
 "A kiln, glassworking tools, sheet glass, lead cutters and shapers, soldering irons, glass cement, drills. I'm sure there's websites all about how to get into the hobby."
 "You are doing it wrong."
 "WHERE IS HE?"
 "Black people and women? Not really considered \"people\" yet "
 "Hippie is plural i.e. \"Hippies\". Hippy is singular and I am not one. I am \"Elite Intellectual\", a completely different animal. I have never dug a ditch or picked lettuce and am so grateful to those that do I would happily pay huge taxes to subsidize their welfare, educate their kids and give them access to free (or affordable) healthcare. I guess I am a Socialist if you are bent on labels. Also, Foo Fighters are a mediocre band riding on the coattails of the truly great Nirvana, much like the wealthy ride the coattails of their parents who were the actual wealth \"earners\"."
 "Any suggested sources to check out?"
 "All full time jobs offer a \"livable wage\". The disagreement comes over the definition of \"livable\" and what constitutes the minimum standard of living.  As a single guy fresh out of college, I had a job earning $20k/year and that was easily livable. Now, I couldn't really have supported a child on that, or bought a house or made any other serious investments, but most of the people clamouring for change are those with low-paying jobs who also want to raise a family of four. Society shouldn't have to finance someone else's lifestyle."
 "01010100101011"
 "Apparently and a bunch of recipes. "
 "Get one. EDIT: Just kidding."
 "reddit in a nutshell"
 "Be less of a douchebag :/ kinda am."
 "Driving. So many idiots on the road!"
 "The rising tide lifts all ships? The point of a minimum wage is to raise the level of the playing field. The market will adjust, like it has every other time minimum wage has risen.  No one is saying small businesses should start the trend.  By the way, I am a manager at a small manufacturing company. When I started there in 2008, we were hiring at $8.00/hr and I couldn't find or keep ANY quality people. I fought with the owners, and now start people between $9.50 and $10.50. The quality of employee increased dramatically!! I get better applicants, turnover is down, and profits are way up. Within a few years, people can make $12-$13/hr.  Yes, I'm aware that's less than $15/hr. But our competitors literally right down the street pay $9.00 and we have to stay competitive to stay afloat. I can't change the world..."
 "If you're still out there...I changed the name! Sir Mix A Lot!!!"
 "/r/dadjokes"
 "Be immensely thankful, gain perspective on everything, and keep a positive attitude. Find people to honestly comfort you just in case that all fails. "
 "I love me some Dickens."
 "From Forbes:  The richest 400 Americans are worth roughly 2 trillion dollars ($2,000,000,000,000.00), which is 300 billion dollars ($300,000,000,000) higher than last year.  If you were to evenly divide up that money between them (and it's really not even) it's around 5 billion per person  ($5,000,000,000)  If you were to divide up the top 400 american's worth, and divide it among all 313.9 million americans, everyone would get a nice $7000 bonus  But I'm sure these are all very nice people who deserve their... total value that's higher than the GDP of russia and most countries... "
 "Full time commitment and it helps prevent being lonely at times"
 "\"oh, yeah... that IS on the west coast isn't it.\""
 "Mostly to get gold. It worked!"
 "Java. "
 "He's not your man, guy."
 "oh no, that's just about how you better your situation when you're living on the edge.  a living wage isn't a thriving one.  I responded to what I interpreted as a discussion about how to get out of a 'living wage' situation rather than the definition of such a situation.  Regardless, I'm not stuck on the line at all, actually.  A series of lucky breaks over the past several years got me from 'stuck on the line without any viable routes up' to breaking in 2014 by breaking into the next tax bracket too.  It wasn't all luck - Through training and family/friend connections, I was prepared to take advantage of those situations; then it took plenty of work to make something of them. I barely had the time, energy, or funds to make a couple of those jumps, even with them landing in my lap. Good thing I'm able-bodied, didn't sick and had no dependents!   Without those lucky breaks though, I'd still be pretty dead-ended and crossing my fingers for a CoL adjustment instead of crossing my fingers for a profitable company buy-out."
 "I work at a video store and once a guy decided he no longer wanted to rent a movie because there was a black actor in it. Direct quote \"I don't like Negroes\"  I just stared at him in amazement and disgust."
 "Icelander here trying to learn Japanese. It is hard as hell, especially if you don't have a proper teacher."
 "Kinder Surprise"
 "I think the bigger problem is the insistence that everyone go to college right after high school. I know personally I would have gotten a lot more out of it (hell, and maybe even succeeded the first attempt at it) if I'd been able to take a couple years off to work and experience the real world and get a better grip on what I really wanted out of life. "
 "A corpse is not a box mittens!"
 "Pretty sure that's just called Orange Juice."
 "I always called them \"teeth like piano keys\" "
 "Hahaha I was just kidding, I totally understand. I doubt a cool looking sand castle would be at the top of my list of priorities at a moment like that. It's really cool that you and your SO have a relationship where you can do silly kid stuff like that, though! Cheers! :)"
 "Constantly saying they're \"too lazy\" to do anything. It seems like they're just trying to play it off as something that can't be helped and it's not their fault. Very annoying excuse  Edit: Not just sexy stuff, but stuff like going out, going to the gym etc"
 "Don't fuck up"
 "Yeah the guy you're defending is captain Macmillan "
 "And if this question can be better answered elsewhere, please, direct me to that subreddit."
 "My dog winks at me from time to time like he knows something I don't. It's been eleven years and I still haven't figured it out. "
 "You're not a good listener either."
 "A tongue that can successfully remove all pieces of popcorn that get stuck in my gums."
 "China is having this risk "
 "For optimal cleavage viewing? "
 "Because nobody works weekends...  And yes, I've had an internship working usually 50-60 hours a week for 10 weeks. An average day would have me in the office at 8 and out at 6, sometimes a bit later, and I usually came in for a couple hours on Saturday. It's not that bad, my father has worked over 50 hours a week most of his adult life."
 "Companies who pay a less then living wage claim they can't pay anything more then that, then explain why costco can do then there's the cost to tax payers for the low wage really the only benefit these companies are getting is increased short term profits.  There needs to be a healthy middle class and the less poor there is, the better it is for the economy. "
 "I pulled up to a 7-way intersection right as the traffic lights decided to fail and flash red.  ([This is the intersection in  Thankfully when I got there, there was only one other car there since it had just failed and I got through just fine, but I can't imagine what it would be like after a few minutes.  How do you take turns on something like that?"
 "Thanks "
 "I like this. I'm amazed of how good I've become at lying."
 "Haha, you're welcome. Thanks for the life points; I'll try not to spend them all at once!"
 "It's generally a bad idea to do so also, since it would require translating from one language to another to get to another language. There's a professor at my university that all the first year engineering students hate because he learned Arabic first, then French, and finally English using French. This means that all of his notes and his self written textbook makes no sense at all. "
 "I didn't expect that "
 "Work out regularly."
 "2014 had more Olympics per capita than 2013"
 "Gal gadot from fast 6"
 "Well I imagine they would. Men piss on them..."
 "You bet your ass swoon. You best be the best damn swooner round these parts or I'll toss you aside for the next."
 "Russian's a Romance language?"
 "The people you're describing get tattoos done by scratchers.  People who are getting tattoos because they like the art and are expressing themselves and their life journey go to highly qualified, talented, *clean* tattoos shops."
 "The less they pay you the more money they make.  Then they bundle it with abortion and guns to get you to vote for it."
 "Getting pregnant.  Best decision of my life.  "
 "I LOVE MY CHILDREN DEARLY AND YOU LITTLE SNOTS BETTER FUCKING BE THERE BECAUSE, I SWEAR TO GOD, IF THEIR SELF-ESTEEM IS HURT EVEN A LITTLE, I'LL COME TO YOUR HOUSE AND RIP UP THAT DOLLY SHIT YOU PLAY WITH! "
 "\"Twat-waffle\"  It's one of my favorite insults of all time"
 "We should get your husband and my wife together."
 "Driving in general it seems."
 "Correct. If your playing an instrument, the cost of the instrument will vary from a hundred to maybe a thousand pounds, not including any tuition fees. If you're composing music, you can find free software, but the good stuff costs a lot of money too (for example FL Studio) Maybe you've just asked this question out of curiosity, but if you are genuinely looking to go down a path of action then I would suggest you're doing it the wrong way. By it's very nature a hobby is something you do out of leisure and for pleasure. Whilst, for example with musicians, many do earn some money off it, they usually see it as a bonus. If you need money, look for something that will give you money. If you need a interest, just look for something you're passionate about."
 "It turned out that my dad was pretty much just like me when he was younger, so that could be a big part of it."
 "Seriously, I mean you leave two teenagers who are dating along at home. What do you think is going to happen?"
 "My dog will just stare at me while i'm sleeping, there's been tons of mornings where i wake up and the first thing i see is her staring right at me, Then as soon as i move she pounces on me and wants to play.  She also does this thing where she stares from across the room and crouches down and looks as though she's stalking me.  She's an odd dog..."
 "As a six year old kid that ride was the most amazing thing in the world."
 "Velcro is sicker than anything else"
 "It certainly makes being sad more bearable. "
 "Started a new job with a new company that pays almost twice what I was making in my last job."
 "Ahh, thank you! I searched and knew I got it wrong, thanks!"
 "Jimmy seville being exposed a a pedophile. I had/still have a lot of respect for the man"
 "weird to me, but whatever floats you boat :)"
 "I've been waiting for this thread my whole life: [Iced "I came here to say this exact thing.  St. Jude is incredible.  They not only provide quality care for children, but they offer so many great support services for families as well.  Not to mention that families who can't afford treatment in other areas can receive treatment through St. Jude without worrying about whether or not their child is receiving sub-par care."
 "Dont scream out in shock at what people will wear in public"
 "Masturbation. (as a male)"
 "Like conversion from diesel fuel to French-fry oil cars. "
 "To always verb in your sentence!"
 "Oklahoma!"
 "Did you ever ask for a raise before you quit?  Its surprising how few people ask for raises and just expect the company to give them to them..."
 "I used to hate you til now"
 "o"
 "Take it easy man. When I say I don't want to deal with someone's bullshit I mean it in a  general way. Like, don't want to be nagged."
 "Yeah I want my money working for me, but there is a tradeoff between liquidity and earnings/risk, usually.  To wit, if I own a multimillion dollar house but don't have cash to buy groceries, I am a starving millionaire, so-called poor rich.   Most of my investments are long-term, tax efficient, and locked up, so the earnings are steady but the liquidity and maintenance is low.   The rest is liquid on hand, or in high risk / fun stuff, that won't kill me if it all goes to naught. But might just get me Bentleys and Benjamins. "
 "i agree with you guys about dany and jon. im not sure if i feel the same way about bran and the dragons though. there are just too many pieces left in the game that were counting out. it could be a possibly as anything can be in the series."
 "As I was reading that, my one thought : How in the name of all that is Holy has this guy never heard of baby powder?  Still laughed."
 "Yep. I met my husband on Diablo. Talking over ventrillo for a week while we gamed together. He drove down from PA to VA for a weekend trip to meet. He left after that weekend and came back to live with me about 2 weeks after. We got married a month after that. That was almost 13 years ago. "
 "Sick. I'm sick now and in 2014 I'll wake up and still be sick."
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Nah, I'm from the mile high city, Denver Co."
 "I don't like Obama, and I'm a republican (when I'm not a libertarian), but I am repulsed at the thought of Romney being president.  That guy is a moron.  We don't need another George W. Bush."
 "\"And he goes Champ you're an alcoholic and you don't know anything about sports .... And you know what I tell him? I say okay you know what it's 10 am lets go get a drink and watch some Mexicans hit some touchdowns.\""
 "It's not even a real thing, the \"game\" aspect at least."
 "Jim Carrey's The Grinch because I was 3 and it scared the shit out of me"
 "Great explanation and I do hope others read this before replying. It brings back the good ol' economic courses in college."
 "Fail"
 "So your argument is that if I work a burger flipping job 40 hours a week I should earn a living wage? Your basing this off time worked and not the actual job?"
 "Flier - as soon as situations get bad/uncomfortable I am out of there. Only started noticing it once my SO mentioned it and now I see myself do it often."
 "Cheer up, /u/autoHQ ! I'll be your girlfriend! :)"
 "No. It curves with your scalp. "
 "well, now that he has someone to do the laundry... "
 "Very brown"
 "Also you stand in the elevator like the dots on die. "
 "You killed my lawn Jennings!"
 "or architecture school"
 "Because he is lazy, ineffective, uneducated, disrespectful, and would rather see me be in the same position for the rest of my life, then succeed because it would make his job more difficult."
 "That sounds more like a job....."
 "A system error detection.  Whenever we get cancer, a cold coming on, broken/fractured bones, slight pull in muscles, etc  out body should tell us right away.  This way we always catch diseases early and know if our muscles or bones are getting weak and we can do what is needed to repair them. "
 "I think of Vaas from FarCry 3... SHAHDAFAQAHP! OR YOU DIE!"
 "[That is such an insanely selfish outlook on the "Any time!"
 " They're pretty corrupt  This is pretty much the key concept right here.  I actually think the 60 vote rule is fine, because really what it is is a vote to vote (put another way, a vote to end the filibuster), not a vote on the bill/issue itself.  Unfortunately, between corruption of the system through partisan politics and corruption of the representatives themselves through crony capitalism, all that seems to matter any more is what team you play for and who is putting the most money in your pocket.  It almost makes me want to support the Tea Party just because they actually will take on the GOP from time to time... but then I realize they are often enough even worse than the GOP.  I would like to note for the record, I don't believe every single representative (little \"r\" is intentional, I don't just mean the House) is corrupt, and I don't believe the system is inherently corrupt.  I do think we as a society have done a decent job of mucking things up (or at least letting it get mucked up).  But, we need solutions right?  Well, I don't think anybody has a good one.  And in the absence of anything better (and I don't believe removing the filibuster is - and neither does any minority party, just ask the Dems of a few years ago) I don't see a reason to change the rule.  Basically: change for change's sake is often not the best of ideas.  At least when it comes to governance anyway.  And in this particular case, I think it was even worse because it wasn't just for the sake of change.  It was a poorly thought out, self serving, short sighted change."
 "Instructions unclear, I have killed a child."
 "Read"
 "The most expensive thing I've ever stolen would have to be ~$12k worth of Belkin products, they were delivered to my front door and everything straight from them. I made a lot of money that summer. Helped pay for my tuition. Throwaway, of course, because I don't want this to be linked to me in anyway anymore."
 "To be fair, depending on where you come from, as a guy you're kinda taught that you should pay, hold doors open, etc. so when not given the chance to do so it feels shitty to not even be given the chance to show that you are a decent guy if that makes sense. Although I personally dont mind paying and will always offer, I would never get offended if a girl wanted to split the bill. I think that's taking it too far. "
 "It's a boon to the family no matter what. Treat it like that."
 "What?"
 "Dad: Wear a condom, you don't want to get a girl pregnant  Me: *blinks*  Dad: *walks away*"
 "I was taught the biggest asshole in the biggest truck. I drive a Scottsdale, so I'm that asshole."
 "I'VE GOT NEW KIDNEYS"
 "Latin. I'll be able to re-teach this beautiful language to the masses!"
 "NOISE"
 "\"girlfriend\""
 "you go through 4-5 times the toilet paper..   "
 "Nice, I got three in the top fifteen."
 "Don't know about other girls but I prefer skinny guys to muscley guys."
 "Fam- usually used to address close friends and or family members.  Every time I see my mom or dad I'll say something along the lines of ayo FAM! Was gooch?"
 "Wouldn't minimum wage itself increase inflation? If you increase the purchasing power of consumers wouldn't businesses increase the cost of products and services to recoup the additional costs of increasing wages? "
 "Quality and a dual pane lens. The lens itself is going to run you 40 dollars for a replacement. Depending on the style and the mask. "
 "I'm a sex machine "
 "You're confusing morality with greed.    I'm assuming that your argument is that it's a free market, and if people are unwilling to work for too low a wage then others will.   Obviously most people wouldn't willing give away what they didn't have to...aaand that still doesn't make it acceptable.       If you're starving, you'll eat what scraps you can get, does that mean you deserve to live on scraps just because you can \"scrape by\" on them? NO, especially not when there's enough to go around. "
 "Those rambunctious Jews "
 "There are definitely some freedoms given up when getting into a relationship, but the idea is that the pros *should* outweigh the cons.  If they don't, then the relationship probably isn't a good idea.      Are you saying that the idea of having a girlfriend puts you off?"
 "the problem is actually twofold.  Then whole wage thing has been kept artificially low, while cost of living has skyrocketed.    jobs that used to be able to provide a stable comfortable life no longer do."
 "Let me know the results of your stalking!"
 "Be nice to people, have a passion and respectfully don't give a fuck about anything else"
 "Quit squawkin'. You got more static than the radio.  And the always great \"And How?\" Which means I agree in slang from like the 20's and 30's.   "
 "Can't you give them a second email address? I don't think giving your number is a huge deal."
 "I'm aware, but since he said that, OP must be referencing a movie."
 "My dick and brain to work sufficiently at the same time."
 "***YYYEEEAAAAHHHHHH!!!!***"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "\"Follow your heart and you'll never go wrong.\""
 "Internet Relay Chat?  "
 "I never understand why this one is always near the top of these threads.  Is this book actually revered by adults or even critics? Or does Reddit skew younger? I'm genuinely curious. I read the first and just couldn't get into them."
 "\"Hidden Valley Ranch Attacked by Balsamic Extremists.\""
 "No detailed links, but a simple search will bring up tons of gaming tournaments, fantasy football contests, and a search on a job website would bring graphic design jobs, and woodworking well, you make shit out of wood and sell it."
 "You honestly think that to earn a liveable wage, you need luck?  The greatest predictor of your socioeconomic status is your parent's socioeconomic status. So, yes, later success often has a lot to do with your luck in the genetic lottery. Having middle class parents means you went to better schools, which means parents are involved and concerned for their children's education, which means you have newer textbooks and teachers that care, which means your peers are committed to education and bettering themselves. It means your parents were more likely to be able to spend time with you, read to you at night and make sure you weren't falling into the wrong crowd. It means you were able to observe and learn from your parents working jobs with a livable wage. Essentially, it means you are starting the race of life 1000 feet ahead of someone from a lower SES.  And this is just the middle class; I'm not even going to touch how much easier it is for someone with wealthy parents.  And before you tell me a story about you or your parents/grandparents \"came from nothing and made their way\", understand I said it is *one* predictor. Yes, hard work and \"making the right choices\" are obviously relevant and successful \"bootstrap\" stories exist. But making the right choice is easier when those choices have been modeled throughout your life; and the reality is many people don't have that privilege.   And then throw in the fact that American economy has changed since your parents and grandparents. I know people with engineering and law degrees, people who \"made the right choices\", waiting tables.  "
 "Although my intent is to never be a drinker, more and more I get the dreary sense that this will describe my future perfectly."
 "In short, no, an ESA is not a service animal. You still need to be considered disabled by your primary care doctor in order to have either one. What disability you have and what you need help with determines which one you need. Pointyearz nailed it. "
 "Being front row at the Mumford and Sons concert. I know a lot of people on Reddit hate mumf, but they're my favorite band. So it was pretty much my dream. "
 "Thanks I'll look into that. "
 "A brain that doesn't spend much of its time looking around for some group of people to consider worthless and subhuman.  P.S. TIL God is named \"zConroy\"."
 "(for guys) Not applying pressure to the gouche' while masturbating."
 "Worse. College apps and the SAT to look forward to. Plus AP tests D:"
 "Lifting weights. Some people do some strange things"
 "We need protection from brain related diseases. I accept death but I definitely don't want to lose my mind. "
 "This is a fairly poor understanding of economics. Companies are supposed to lobby, exert every influence, etc because then they maximize profit. This is what the model wants, and expects. This is capitalism.   But the reason they keep it at $7 isn't because they're lobbying, its because people are taking the jobs at that price. If the companies thought no one would take the job at 7 dollars, then they'd increase it to 8,9,10 etc until they though they could hire people, and maximize revenue and profit. Companies, despite what they appear, aren't actually out to make sure theres suffering in the world, they're trying to maximize profit.   So what can we do to make this better? If we decrease the supply of unskilled laborers, and increase the supply of people who deserve to make more than $7 an hour, then everyone is happier. For example, (lets use a tiny market for this example), say a donut stand worker turns into an engineer. The donut stand worker would've previously added a profit of $15 dollars an hour, and was thus paid 7 dollars. The engineer added a profit of 100 dollars, and was paid 60. By converting the donut worker, the supply of unskilled labour decreases, and after the conversion all donut workers would earn more as compensation due to the lack of supply (in a small market hypothetical). So the way to increase the fair, living wage for every unskilled job isn't to impose a minimum wage binding price floor, its for the American work force to stay in school, work hard, and not dilute the unskilled labour market, and then complain about it after."
 "They should have thought about buying small amounts of groceries before they became fat."
 "There was this really cool explanation of why this isn't such a bad thing. It said something along the lines of, \"would you rather have a charity that spends 100 dollars on advertising and donates 10,000 dollars, or one that spends 500,000 but donates 700,000\"."
 "\"Say something, motherfucker, I dare you!\" "
 "I'd catch a grenade for you^asLongAsThePinIsStillInIt"
 "Shouldn't you be at a Yoga class, Sally?"
 "\"aaaah that felt great\""
 "Idk depends where you're at, if you say something racial or against homosexuality in the US you're automatically labeled an asshole. What happened to our freedom of speech?"
 "Because most companies aren't charities.  They pay people what their work is worth to them, or don't hire people at all if the jobs can be automated for less money."
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "I really take issue with people saying that learning to cook has helped them \"eat healthier\".  For some, it probably increases nutrient density and variety.  But for most it would increase caloric intake.  At some point the skill of the cook cannot make a food more delicious without adding more calories.  Calories are largely what makes food taste good, so someone who is \"good at making food taste good\" (aka a cook) will make food with more calories.  That's not to say that calories:taste ratio is absolute.  In learning to cook, certainly you will come across some cheats.  Spices, freshness, smell, proper cooking technique, etc..  It's just that there's no magic to it.  Don't delude yourself into thinking that butter chicken curry is tasty solely because of the skill of the cook.  It's a little bit of skill, and a lot of butter (or ghee I guess).    Everything is relative, of course, so someone transitioning from Doritos and Nutella to home cooked meals will probably lose some weight.  For everyone else, expect to spend more time tasting, more time with access to food, and more time tempting yourself.    Of course, I would never argue against acquiring a skill.  Just keep the benefits in perspective.  There is no cooking technique that will make bacon healthy.  "
 "I didn't know there was a bidding process. Thanks."
 "Cool story, bro."
 "Get out. Doge is a disease."
 "It already does, dozens of times per day.  The immune system has a pretty good way of dealing with cells it doesn't like. There's a lot of systems in place to make sure you don't get cancer. But one cell in ten million or so gets through "
 "It's indescribleable. I don't even know where to start."
 "You're thinking of value to society as an objective measure of what is good for society and what isn't. Let me rephrase: If the work in question isn't something society values, then they should be paid a wage that reflects that lack of value.  Society doesn't value Wal-Mart greeters, so Wal-Mart is never put in a position where they have to pay any more than the bare minimum.  Society does value doctors, and while they don't make CEO money, they still make good money. And to continue that line of thought, as much as society likes to bitch about them, society values those CEOs as well. Why? Because they usually value whatever shit that CEO's company is making and selling.  They'll go as far as to claim that said CEO doesn't deserve that salary, but they seldom go as far as to stop buying the shit that CEO sells.  That average person wants their Starbucks daily. So why isn't Tim the baritsa making a ton of money? Because that average person doesn't give a shit about Tim. They don't want *Tim's* coffee. They want *Starbuck's* coffee, and thats why the person running the company will make more than Tim.    "
 "My response to you was anecdotal because you asked for an example of a high school student willing to come in 40 hours a week for minimum wage. I used to be one. None of my other responses were anecdotal, and that you got this defensive so quickly is hilarious."
 "Then your grandpas doc must be buddies with him.  I do drivers license renewals and no one over 80 gets more than a year from me.  Too much can change in that time.  I *could* give people 8 years, but I think that is unfair and unsafe."
 "I'm walking through a big forest and it's summer. The sunshine is filtering through the trees and it's absolutely *beautiful*.  I look down at my arm, and I notice I'm wearing a gray t-shirt, but not only that. One of my bigger moles that I have on my right arm, is now on my left. So everything is mirrored I'm guessing.  I keep walking, and I walk to a cliff. I start seeing other people, buildings down below me. And it really looks like a hotel in like Spain or something? There is big blue pools, and people swimming and having a blast in them.  "
 "I don't cook because cooking makes me angry. Seriously. It infuriates me"
 "Fuck yeah! I wish I could do that. 2014? :)"
 "why"
 "It won't sound bad until your appendix bursts and you suddenly want 1st world medical treatment. "
 "National Healthcare would be great, but not now. The US just isn't ready for it and the way it's being set up will back fire. It's an amazing idea and I'd love to see everyone have it, just not the way that the US govt. is doing it. "
 "Is walking good enough? And if it is, is it better to walk fast for 30 min or slow for an hour?"
 "Maybe if she wasn't so goddamn wishy-washy."
 "\"Good evening madame and how is oneself? You are looking simply splendid if I may say so\"  Never said this but it would be pretty uncool! Haha"
 "Feel better now?"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Same goes for guys ew no"
 "You sound like the runner version of Richard Simmons "
 "[Just watch the first 5 "Then you need to find a job where you can gain skills and experience while you work at it.   Let me ask you this: if you lost the job you have today, what are you going to do? Live on the street and die of starvation? Unlikely."
 "It looks like you failed to ask a question in your title. Double check everything, including punctuation, and try posting again.   * **If you're wanting to tell a story or explain something, please try /r/Self.**  * **If you're needing advice of any kind, try /r/Answers or /r/needadvice**  * **If you're looking for something that has slipped your mind, try /r/TipOfMyTongue.**  Anything else not covered try one of the subreddits mentioned in our sidebar that better suits your needs.  If you need more clarification, or feel this was an error, please contact the mods and provide a link to this post, thanks!   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Yes bro. "
 "He's a gem. I'm sure you can imagine how reliable he is at child support now."
 "Maybe to help prevent people making junk accounts.  Or, they may sell personal information to other companies for advertising.  I'll bet they tell you in the terms and conditions. Have a fun NYE reading them!"
 "This one! I am so interested in other people's life experiences and have found this to be a great place to read them."
 "nobody said the pin was pulled."
 "Or stand on the left... Just stand whatever side people on front of you are standing... It would work easily, if people at least had a notion of making things easier for others."
 "Here's something I wrote out for someone else:  To put it simply, fish shit (ammonia), then bacteria make the ammonia (which is poisonous to fish) into nitrites (also bad), then another type of bacteria make that into nitrates, which are bad, but aren't as bad and get removed during regular water changes. The bacteria need to establish themselves before you add fish, or they won't be able to handle the bio load and the resulting ammonia or nitrate spike would cause death to your fish."
 "This wasn't meant to be advice, but \"Im Walking On Sunshine\" would be terrible if it were literal."
 "Drive."
 "Ayayay muy caliente!"
 " I think he/she was asking why lots of people on the right (not necessarily employers) seem to have an emotional feeling that some people don't deserve to be paid a wage that's livable.  It'd be an incorrect feeling honestly. The whole idea of who \"deserves\" what comes entirely from the left. The right does not argue in terms of who deserves what, but of who *earned* what. I think it would be unfair to say people on the Right believe certain people don't \"deserve\" a fair wage job because most people on the right don't believe anyone deserves anything.  "
 "This is why I support a universal basic income."
 "everyone would get a $7000 bonus and like hundreds of thousands of people would lose their jobs :/"
 "Ok make an app and sell it"
 "This isn't the responsibility of McDonald's. Not their problem someone is an adult and doesn't have the skills to get a job that pays more. McDonald's pays what the skills required to work there are worth. "
 "There's been quite the backlash to Kegel's lately "Ehm.. it seemed like a good idea at the time..? So sorry.. :-(  I think I jokingly wanted to prove that people can, indeed, 'get gold with less than 10 upvotes'.   (Seriously: I'm really sorry if I really did ruin something for you. In that case: anything I can do to make it up?) "
 "Shareholder put up the initial investment. They took the risk of putting up money so the burger flipper had a building to work in. They aren't a useless piece of the puzzle.   It also isn't necessarily easy being on the board or high up in a company. The burger flipper's day ends when he clocks out of work. The executive might worry about work 24/7. My father was/is a high level employee with a government contractor. He leaves at 7am and sometimes doesn't return until 1am. Sometimes he goes on two or three cross country business trips a week (in a train, not some luxury jet). Yesterday, during his company holiday, he went into work when no one else was there. He doesn't get paid overtime. But in order to .maintain his job, he must worry about the well being of the entire company.   If profits fall, his department might all be fired, simply because that's who the board blames. A burger flipper might be laid off because profits fell and there is not enough money to pay them, but the executive might be laid off simply because profits fell and the board needs to send a message. Does my dad make a nice living from what he does? Yes. But he spends his life doing it. It isn't just a job, it's a life. The burger flipper dedicates time, the executive dedicates their life."
 "Like every year, \"Figaro\" by MF DOOM from his collaborative album with Madlib, *Madvillainy.*   EDIT: A lot of hip-hop in this thread. Enough to say that we really make up a large portion of reddit's userbase."
 "My whippet likes to spin in circles when she gets excited. I have no clue if it's common with her type, but I never witnessed it before her and it's always hilarious."
 "And this from the very liberal reddit demographic. People in the real world are magnitudes more heartless."
 "What's your favorite color?"
 "Before I saw the comments about Runescape, I thought you were talking about Ireland in Crusader Kings II."
 "BOMB!!!"
 "\"Bad news, Dad.  Your polls are down.  You rate especially low among tigers and six-year-old white males.\""
 "MIT Opencourseware"
 "Congrats on your 999th karma!"
 "Driving. More specifically any form of changing lanes or merging. Also as /u/mst3k_42 said, roundabouts are terrible too."
 "AAAAAAAAAAAAAND it's gone"
 "There was a German exchange student that hung out with my friends and I in high school. The last night he was in town I referred to Germany as Krautland. I realized immediately how bad that was."
 "Got my wisdom teeth removed and I have nothing else to do"
 "Squabble(n) - To engage in a fist fight. Example: \"Aye, you trynna squabble?\" "
 "Mmmmokay, I concede...perhaps the festival atmosphere could vary based on individual desires..."
 "The fuck? You can get a bed and lots of space for way less than 500/mo if you're willing to have roommates."
 "\"Tokyo man has thing for asian women\" "
 "Never thought about it that way haha, but damn it rings true. "
 "It's okay.  I know how Reddit works. I've posted things for years in public."
 "Canadian here, can confirm. A huge percentage of American bankruptcies (28.9% for the 35-44 range source: ) are for medical reasons, and often those filing do have insurance. It's messed up.  If you have:  * Public healthcare, so you'll never be bankrupted by a medical bill * Walkable cities, so a huge change in your car insurance rates won't make transportation impossible * Easily available, affordable healthy food  you can earn very little, but still not have much to worry about. None of these things should really cost that much for society to provide (the US already spend way more tax $$s per capita on medicaire/medicaid than most nations with public healthcare for everyone, yet lives under the delusion that it doesn't fund healthcare -- it does, it just does a bad job.) Easing transportation issues is primarily just a political issue -- experts are constantly writing logical, well-though out reports, only to be disregarded in favour of some city councillor trying to win a second term by appealing to their sprawl-loving demographic. Healthy, affordable food is mostly about education (see: Jamie Oliver's Food Revolution.) It's more profitable for food companies to keep selling high-margin food \"products\" than actual food, so there's little pressure to actually make this happen. It takes much less money, and about the same amount of effort, to make meals from dried beans, brown rice + frozen veg than it does to eat hot dogs, TV-dinners and eggos all day, but kids are growing up not even knowing what food is actually made of.  So get a population that doesn't have to live on constant fear of economic ruin when they get sick/hurt, has livable cities with accessible transportation, and eats well for cheap, and the impact of being a low-paid employee reduces to a fraction of what it is today."
 "That my dog is a fast learner and how much he understands what I say to him. He also gives me a look like he doesn't care about random things sometimes, which I think is hilarious! And how he likes me spooning him and snuggles up beside me after a long walk or trip to the dog park. "
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "This is the freedom people ask for."
 "Did they just call that dog \"Coopa\" like the little turtlely things in Mario games?! That just makes the whole flop even more awesome."
 "I suppose all taps are different, but at the place I used to work, you could totally see the bubbles in the first 1-2 seconds of the stream regardless of the keg's age. Trying to fill the glass while that was going on just didn't work. \"wasting\" the first couple of seconds was much preferable to running it off the top afterward."
 "How did you know it was the alternator? I'm a computer guy, not a car guy, so I don't know a whole lot about problems and how to diagnose them."
 "I don't know... I am a girl.  When you find a person you connect with, that you want to be with, none of that other stuff you worry about will matter.  Just be open to the possibilities "
 "I have read numerous articles that state that on your back, with no pillow, is the best for your back. I sleep on my back, and with a towel rolled up through the pillowcase to create an arch for my neck, so my neck has proper support.  I know from asking my chiropractor that sleeping on your side **with** the neck support is okay, just don't put your shoulders too far forward."
 "\"What doesn't kill you fucks you up mentally and makes you wish you were dead\" -Somewhere on the internet, 2013"
 "4x4 means shit on ice. The first time I drove a snow plow, a guy was cutting through our plow line and got sideways in front of me. It was almost bad."
 "The pill or implant helps many people. Since starting on the pill, my periods are lighter. I still get cramps (uterus and guts) but because I now know exactly when they'll start I can take ibuprofen and imodium to reduce them. And the whole ordeal doesn't last as long. And if I am doing something important when I'm supposed to have my period, no big deal - just take another week of pills to move it back a week."
 "Please upload a video I **need** to hear/see this"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "I think they're actually discussing the proper way to chop things like vegetables for cooking. The image is confusing because there is no food there but imagine that person's fingers holding down an onion or something."
 "Reddit."
 "\"We eventually got out of it and make more,\" is interesting. How did you?"
 "To try and improve my handwriting"
 "As a construction engineer, maybe you can tell me why in the world there are two lanes in roundabouts?  The center lane just goes around and around, and a roundabout doesn't have a distinct beginning or end, so you have to risk cutting off traffic in the outside lane to turn off where you're supposed to, or you start pulling a National Lampoon."
 "A great example is the big automakers that tried to sustain union wages in manufacturing and got slammed by foreign auto-makers.   That's a terrible example due to the fact that foreign automakers were making cars that consumers wanted and they were pioneers in quality control. Gas prices in the 70's skyrocketed leading consumers to want fuel efficient vehicles that the foriegn automakers were making. Foreign automakers also used strong quality control techniques to reduce the costs of production. Toyota for example would allow the workers to stop the line to fix a small problem with an auto on the production line. American automaker's attitude, on the other hand, was that the line could never stop and the problem could be fixed later; this lead to higher prodcution costs for all of the labor to fix a simple problem buried within a car."
 "How often do people ask you to go bowling?"
 "It was on a long car ride so my dad and I could just look forward and not at each other."
 "The oven was hot."
 "Get pregnant with her grandchild???  Oh, you're not a mom. I see."
 "You may have heard about the American NSA spying on global communications all over the world. The current debates concerning personal privacy and the revelations regarding the extent of the NSA's spying etc are in no small part due to Edward Snowden (a former intelligence analyst turned whistleblower) speaking up about it. Now he's on the lamb internationally and the US govt is calling him a terrorist because he exposed their unlawful activity etc."
 "When I sleep with my door closed, my cat leaves me gifts outside my door. A couple months ago, she brought me a full bag of homemade cookies that my roommate's girlfriend baked the night before. It was especially endearing since she's a tiny cat, yet she managed to knock the whole bag (about 10 cookies) off of the counter and then dragged it up the stairs.  Also, now that it's winter, she gets cold during the night so she's been sleeping between my legs at night."
 "Well of course you wouldn't understand something you haven't seen. \"Oh, that movie? I hated it!\"   \"Which part didn't you like?\"  \"I didn't see the movie, I didn't understand it.\" "
 "That sounds like bullshit, women don't have balls, or a penis... babies aren't a roll of dimes and skin is either torn from the baby or cut with a VERY sharp blade if needed, not nail clippers.  She sounds like a bitch.  Honestly, she should have just pulled a grown child out of your vagina. Oh, wait, you're a guy... she can go fuck herself."
 "That movie does not exist"
 "Ariana Grande. Mhmm that fake red hair."
 "My leopard gecko sticks out his little tongue and licks you when you hold him :p so cute. And the family dog loves so much when I come play with him after I haven't seen him in months  that he will plop in front of the patio door so I can't get around him to go back inside!"
 "Never has my mediocre internet connection been more damning."
 "The bugle call from Ft Asshole that General Shits arrived."
 "Coca cola, alcohol, and cigarettes.  The cost of healthcare would go down 50% and we wouldn't have mandatory health insurance."
 "French. Every set of instructions I come across has French."
 "I could never figure this out, I just end up coloring on my eye. Ouch."
 "Geographical location.  Can we just get some big tug boats and drag the UK south/west a bit."
 "Are you trying to be disingenuous? Who said anything about being fair?  Is there a reason our economic system cannot provide for everyone in our society? "
 "My parents have a miniature dapple wiener dog and when she gets excited, she does super fast little 360's. Sometimes twice in a row. I think it is the funniest thing ever from a dog. Shes a little brat otherwise though."
 "That there was going to be cake. The cake was a lie"
 "My cat will \"go on walks with me\" . . . basically I just walk around the neighborhood/fields and she bolts to catch up to me if I get too far away.  It's fun.  Sometimes I have to put her in the house if I'm actually walking somewhere and she's outside though, or she'll follow me. "
 "Teeth don't actually grow [they just come out of your "
 "\"I'm acting like a tool and I can't stop!\""
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "He sent a snapchat to someone, and flirted a lot with other girls when we got together . I was very sad at the the time, but knew he wasn't that type of person. In the video it looked like he was on something too. I forgave him and we moved on from that."
 "Ok :|"
 "its just uncharted territory.  I'm not sure what to think. "
 "ITT: Cannabis"
 "\"Are you kidding me? Of course i want to see the gun!\" "
 "Any time I watch Westerns or any show/movie with horses in it, the actors are way too rough with the horses' reins. The actors yank the horses around so badly, and you can see the horses' discomfort by the way they hang their mouths open, toss their heads, and roll their eyes. Also, things like tying a horse to a post by the reins are never done in real life. "
 "Because if you get hacked and/or lose your password, they can verify it's you."
 "He said unexpected. "
 "You cannot force someone to change if they don't want to change."
 "We fooled my dad into thinking that the bowl of horseradish in front of him at a dinner theatre was actually ice cream. The look on his face when he took a huge spoonful into his mouth was all it took to no longer be funny. Nothing funny about watching your dad wipe his tongue with a napkin while asking \"why would you do that?\" over and over."
 "Difference in friction makes it easier for them to break. Actually its pretty much guaranteed that they will break."
 "Serious (admittedly gross) question: What if he is into that sort of thing?  /r/ttotm (***INCREDIBLY*** NSFW) exists for a reason."
 "This one wins. "
 "Looking back, what was your favorite moment in 2013?"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Life has it's ups and downs.    (Now I've experienced it myself, sadly. Worst year this far.)"
 "[assuming the U.S.]  There is a black U.S. President.  A dollar is worth about as much as 4 cents used to be.  Automobiles and travel by airplane is cheap; childcare is expensive and personal servants are out of reach for all but the very rich.  Obesity is a much bigger problem than hunger.  Infant mortality is basically a thing of the past; almost everyone lives to age 70."
 "There is such thing as committed by Buddhist groups."
 "He could be his Guy, Buddy."
 "[Yes, I would hire Mike "I'm sorry that you are sorry."
 "I don't like it when kids talk during movies either, but still.... "
 "Dont get married before you are ready to be married. I think that is more appropriate. Ill be 23 when my fianc and I get married so we hear that a lot, but we both love being with each other and truly have a partnership, not just a relationship. If you are too young to sacrifice and compromise (which happens even after your 20s for some) you should hold off. "
 "I'll only disagree with you on the roommate part. I don't think it should be necessary to share your space with another person, it should be a choice. I personally thoroughly dislike having roommates, 3 experiences later, and I can't wait to move into my own (tiny) place next year. However, I won't have my parents help forever and will probably eventually end up with roomies again. It lowers quality of life for those who don't benefit emotionally from sharing their home."
 "I'm not a pessimist; I'm a realist. I just have a bleak view of reality."
 "[Fritolaysia Cuts Off Chiplomatic Relations With "I would want to learn Japanese, since I want to know one language for each continent."
 "Well ya, if your in a sexual relationship, you don't need to MB"
 "to be honest,  that question is considered incredibly rude in most US offices. "
 "My plans also fell through so I am at home with a bunch of alcohol, one of the original books on bartending (lots of interesting drink recipes), *Tucker  Dale vs Evil* on the TV, and a cat and laser pointer."
 "Except for when you get decapitated."
 "Elaborate on this theory please? Sounds interesting. "
 "0.....:("
 "Unless it's whiskey. "
 "No."
 "Working enough WHILE going to school to pay off my debts. Probably not, but it's one of the goals. "
 "Most people suck.  "
 "It's not all good news. There's been quite the backlash to Kegel's lately "My family basically decided to mix wine and tequila in 12oz cup and give me about 3-4cups of it. "
 "I replaced with any other racist/degrading term I have, because it has no meaning to anyone"
 "Too small to use proper technique, too big to use two thumb method"
 "OH."
 "Rick Grimes? That you?"
 "If wealth was equalized (even roughly), then would even the best medical treatment be lowered in cost?"
 "Netflx and torrents are all I need until cable TV becomes reasonably priced. "
 " the counselors had this competition between the various campsites to see which one could remove the most scum out of the lake, you'd fill up garbage bags and at the end of the day the campsite that collected the most would get a personal cake at dinner.        So it's dinner and my campsite blew the others out of the park, totally owned em.  You do realize this \"competition\" was just to exploit you "
 "Along with my anxiety.. yes this is all too true. "
 "Music makes me want to cut my ears off at the moment, unfortunately."
 "My sister told me that and then I clogged the toilet months later. Fuck you Erin. "
 "Okay yes, but that has nothing to do with atheism.  "
 "\"EX CETERA\" instead of \"ET CETERA\""
 "Well, for starters, you'd be 30 different people instead of just one. "
 "Armour on our toes."
 "How to use a choke-style training collar on their dogs.  Many people put it on upside down so that it doesn't release.  I either see owners completely oblivious to the fact that they're choking their dog, or constantly reaching down to loosen it after every tug.  Look up youtube videos to make sure you're doing it right, and if you're unsure put it on your wrist first to make sure it DOES loosen as soon as the leash is slack!  Also be aware that if your dog switches sides, it immediately ceases to be effective!  More importantly, don't use a training implement with the word \"choke\" in it if you don't know how to use it properly.      Sidenote:  Halties and face harnesses are often marketed as a humane alternative, but 1) they are a bandaid for a problem, not a training tool and 2) as they apply pressure to a sensitive pressure point, they are hardly more humane.  If you want to incorporate the idea of redirection into your leash training, use a harness that clips in the front.  "
 "Wish you the best but prepare yourself that this may be the biggest challenge of your life. At least it's best to approach it with this mentality. I've been quitting smoking on and off for the last two years and it is as hard as they say. I still smoke. I know you can do it because anyone is capable of quitting, just be aware that it will be a real challenge. Good luck in 2014 and happy new year!"
 "Cure for AIDS. Dissolution of the EU. USA announces quadrillion dollars of debt. Your mom loses weight."
 "Your balance must be off."
 "When did this happen? My family is from Gambo NL, just outside of Gander. "
 "I hate small chat. I find many people like it, but I would rather just be quiet or listen. It's comfortable, not as boring as talking about things I don't care about. I find many people find what I would talk about, so I just let them enjoy their topics. I'm just curious, how is it that you are expected to talk? "
 "Lol, not a story just peeing."
 "School trip, sitting at a table with one male friend and about seven girls.  Then they all left for the bathroom at the same time.  I was terrified that they were talking about me.  (Just beforehand one commented on the sheer amount of food on my plate.) "
 "Lucky you! Hopefully the rest of us get bosses like that one day too :)"
 "This is anti-union bullshit.    If your coworkers know, they'll take it up with the boss.  If the boss tells you not to tell, he never has to deal with it. "
 "I really don't mind, but my history should come with a warning;  \"Will make you sad\" :("
 "Reddit "
 "Hey at least you didn't delete your comment like a little girl.  Here, have some more up-votes."
 "Driving at 16. Here in New England, you're able to get your license 4-6 months after your 16th birthday, provided you passed your permit test and all that. I never did any major harm, but I was definitely not mature enough at age 16 to suddenly have access to the entire country via automobile. I drove places I shouldn't have and drove *way* faster than I should have, all because I thought it was fun."
 "I was wondering this about foreign countries. In Australia, we drive on the left, our slow lane is on the left and the right is for overtaking. This applies to our escalators as well (not through any rule, it's just convention). Stairwells are generally the same, too, walk with your left side up against the rail.  So if you go to a foreign country where they drive on the wrong side of the road to you, you probably walk like a dick to them, too."
 "haha thanks. I knew it was a terrible idea :)"
 "Yes, I left that in there to show both how unrealistic it would be to simply take their money as a solution, and to highlight the fact that they've made $7000 per person who lives in this country... "
 "At my old friends house they had a room filled with grains in the basement. I remember at least ten of those white buckets filled with honey when he took off the lid. "
 ":-) "
 "The problem with it being just enough to get you by is fine until something goes wrong... what if you have kids? what if you have a medical condition, espicially one not covered by insurance? what if your extended family requires financial support?  You could argue that increasing minimum wage isn't the way to fix this because these things can be addressed through healthcare reforms, government subsidized childcare, etc, but that has little bearing on what's a \"liveable\" wage in the meantime. What's a liveable wage for YOU is contextual."
 "No, it goes in the boxers."
 "Woman here and god I have the same problem. I hate trying to start convo with a fella and I ask about what they do in life, hobbies, work, anything and their answer is \"hang out .\" Really? "
 "But but I'm 253 years old"
 "Ah that kinda wood working. I guess both would profit tho...."
 "How about no sleep at all? Sleep is a waste of time. "
 "Party like it's 1699.  Most of the advice from Amish Paradise is pretty damn terrible.  "
 "I always get a giggle or two after asking someone: \"What'd you say?\" It never fails. "
 "Burmese. So I can understand what all those yellow bastards are saying to me at work. You live in America now, learn the language.  I'm not a racist, I'm just annoyed."
 "Mandarin Chinese. So I can understand all the screaming coming from the restaurant kitchen."
 "He's not the Meshugenah, he's a very naughty boy!"
 "As a 14-year-old girl trying to figure out a tampon, you're not going to consider the septic ramifications of flushing it if the box instructs you to. "
 "Just this dinner about an hour earlier, my parents, brother, and myself were discussing at what point do you become a goober, and all the statistics about it.  This is somewhat of a normal conversation within my family.  Also my friend was able to convince me that \"needle\" is the worst word in the English dictionary."
 shared it in wtf a few weeks ago and I found it very disturbing"
 "Bare feet. "
 "I always liked Gummisteifel (rubber boots)"
 "\"You saw nothing\".... Nice user name..."
 "Spell words."
 "Not you, a different Erin...   Wait what? "
 "Fantastic answer. I hope to be doing more of this myself in 2014."
 "That America is the worst place ever, all law enforcement is evil,  and everyone of everyone's liberties are being oppressed.   Edit: Universal healthcare is literally a gift from ~~God~~ Sagan and no other system could ever possibly work. Not just the far from ideal one in the US now, but literally any other system. "
 "Indian in the Cupboard. You don't know how bad I wanted this to be real. "
 "Lancaster resident here, if you want to have a nice wine from out of state you have to buy it by the case and have it delivered to the government run alcohol store (takes about 2 to 5 weeks)."
 "Yeah, I know. "
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Initial scan looks like a no, unless he has a a seriously different past than the one he has told me about. I'm not really sure what's going on here - doppelganger or troll. Or NSA! Ha ha."
 "Who is going to do these jobs if they aren't livable?  As of now we have the government picking up the slack but that is not sustainable.  We're just subsidizing McDonald's so they can have cheap labor."
 "That's how Stephen Fry lost so much weight"
 "Bacon everywhere!"
 "This was just out of the basket."
 "A lot"
 "Hey who knows, you could totally be the next Hitler"
 "You know what Steve, I don't need your shit! Fuck you sweetheart!"
 "She shouldn't be able to talk with your dick in her mouth. I'm sorry sir "
 "If I could change things, absolutely."
 "Please find a visually appealing yet functional way to seperate women's genitals from their anus. That little bit of taint just isn't cutting it."
 "What is the difference."
 "Try out different kinds of lube. Some will give you a similar feeling to being naturally lubricated, but you may have to reapply more often. I haven't needed lube since I lost my virginity though so maybe someone else can be of more help there."
 "In light of the recent spat in the console war, Sony's brand new stupid box thing that doesn't do the goddamn thing it's fucking supposed to."
 "It's to be expected; this is a public forum and your post history reflects you as a person so if someone wants to get a better idea of who you are then it's a great way to do it.  If you don't want people looking at some things you've said, then either don't post them or make a throwaway."
 "Do not try to punch through can lids if they're hanging on by a couple threads, regardless of how empowered your titanium ring makes you feel."
 "I took off 1 semester."
 "Only an evil fucker would want to know this"
 "2 stories...  First, I do the finger pull game with my kids (as any good father does). So we're in Costco and my 3 year old daughter runs up to me in the middle of a crowded aisle, pulls my finger while making a loud fart sound, yells \"Daddy farted!\" then ran away. I was so proud of my little girl that day!  Second, we had a PoliSci teacher in college who relayed this one. He was sitting in a 300 person auditorium for the Bar Exam. Midway through the exam he attempts a \"left cheek sneak\" and as it was an old college auditorium and they were all on wooden chairs... it echoed. Everyone roared with laughter as it had broken the tension of the test. As the laughter dies down, he let out a very sheepish \"Sorry!\" which reignited the laughter. He took a lot of pride int he fact that he personally dropped the average score by 3% that day.  Edit: because grammar."
 "Hey whoa you think you can just tell people you got a reference *without* a picture of Captain America? You make me sick."
 "It's a 'special' helmet, just for Spock."
 "I'm 100% nigga. Nigga nigga nigga nigga nigga nigga I'm 200% nigga"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "A soft kiss, with some tongue, and lots of passion. Haven't had that yet."
 "I found three of those that are closely related to Spanish."
 "How do you know most of them don't already do that? "
 "What are you talking about? It's from a Comedy Central short Brie did called Hot Sluts, which you can watch "That expression means money doesn't mean happiness. The expression relates to the idea that live with the goal of getting money which will ultimately live them unfulfilled unless they change the purpose of their life; which becomes more and more difficult the further you get in life; especially when you make money. "
 "Genuine gold, you say? Maybe I'll bank them away and accrue some life points interest over time. Or I may just cash them in for some brunch, since it's 12pm New Year's Day here. An extra brunch hashbrown sounds pretty tempting."
 "*apologizing "
 "Hot damn."
 "I must be part dog because I also have a sixth sense for when it's party time."
 "It's kind of weird. lol Like, why would you wanna look at someones old posts?"
 "The cute mouse that lives in my pantry. "
 "Or have someone politely say, \"Excuse me.\""
 "The thing where it gets wrinkled and degraded and eventually dies is pretty lame. Fix that first."
 "Who's to say that we aren't in a lucid dream right now?"
 "Bush was a better and more effective  leader then Obama. I'm not saying he was a better president. "
 "His \"first\"?!"
 "At least it sounded right."
 "Its not really mine, but I heard this quote, \"Laugh, and the world laughs with you. Weep, and you weep alone.\" It just showed me that happiness takes work, and you have to fake it at first. But at some point you have to *choose* to be happy. "
 "There's been quite the backlash to Kegel's lately "yes did :) well played"
 "I recently was sorting through boxes in my parents' basement and I found the three books that my dad once gave me when he did a brief version of \"the talk\". (he basically said read these books and tell me if you have questions)  Really only one of the books was any good. It had a conversational tone and answered questions I had. The other books were really bad.  I wonder how my dad feels about it.  I wonder what his talk with his dad was like! It would have been in the early 60's with a grandfather I never knew since he died when I was 1 year old."
 "You're telling me you've had more than one? Stop hogging and share the love!"
 "Or slid a credit card or knife into the jam to force open the door if it was cheap and old (which it appears to have been) or, like most newer knobs, there is a hole in an interior home knob for just such situations."
 "United States - EVERYTHING!!!"
 "Rose Byrne"
 "I guess it depends on like ... how you know her??"
 "Haven't had it and doubt I ever will. I'd like to think my parents think I am mature enough, and have the common sense to wear condoms and such."
 "I'd say you're a sheltered idiot. "
 "And of those 7-8 times in one day..how many times did u climax? "
 "But...it's racist. "
 "What was the other name?  I hope it wasn't Extremosaurus Rex, that would have been even cooler."
 "How pithy. I assume that means you were born knowing how to boil eggs? Cook time, how to tell if they're done, etc?   What other knowledge were you born with? Were either of your parents chefs? Could this knowledge have been passed genetically? This phenomenon merits further study."
 "No. You still have a choice. I'm talking about the fact that no one is going to beat you for trying to find a better opportunity. If you don't have a family and you don't want to be flipping burgers, you could always go join the Army! Your boss isn't going to beat or whip younger quitting your job and enlisting in the Army."
 "Cut out all meat and processed foods. Stop cooking foods in general. Eat raw foods only. Or don't, I won't haha. "
 "Yep. Fully regret that, and I just finished dinner."
 "\"Rap God\" by Eminem."
 "Im keeping this"
 "I used to think that in my teens and early twenties but I accomplished it through hard work and I didn't have much help too. .."
 "I am Dutch and proud of it  :c"
 "I took office occupations and some other business ROP class during high school, and basically... if you could put words in ABC order, numbers in 123 order, you have basic filing skills. It's all just basic common sense. "
 "My chinchilla will often climb up onto my hand when I hold it out and just fall asleep. Half the time I have no idea what to do with him after he falls asleep."
 "Just one question..."
 "I'm more of the asshole who sits in the back and makes fun of the parties involved"
 "I agree.  Do you live in the united states?  Because if we do, I think we should kill you and every member of your family for stealing tax money from the English royal family.  You're a thief and the punishment is of your own choosing."
 "Poop in the toilet from another room"
 "Haha I'm listening to that right now"
 "FWIW, I'm a pretty tall and intimidating guy, and I'm also on pretty constant alert when I'm out and about, even more so at night. Not against rape, specifically, but any aggression.  I get a weird sense of anxiety if I don't have a good sense of exactly who is around me and their possible intentions.  Edited to add: This changes some when I'm alone vs with a group, also depending on the size composition of the group. (Ability to defend against aggression, etc.)"
 "At least someone feels me. I got a lot of hate mail for that post lol "
 "New puppy. "
 "\"Sun Disappears From Sky; Plunges Western Hemisphere Into Darkness\""
 "\"The wheels on the bus go round and round....\""
 "G2 (low-calorie gatorade) with salt pills. Stay hydrated, y'all."
 "Newton's Laws override all traffic laws."
 "The guys that amuse me are the ones that have been there a while but every time you see them on the bench they're doing 3 inch speed-\"partials\" with 315 and change.   My gym has a few regulars like this."
 "And this is a good thing? A higher minimum wage would not allow McDonalds to execute that move. "
 "hug my band teacher, get more into music faster, don't be an idiot asking my crush out, realize my facial hair, body hair, deep voice are gone and I'm 5 inches shorter, then cry."
 "I too played Bioshock Infinit"
 "Tattoos make naked people fun to look at, if not more. This is a sad turn off... In my own opinion. Sorry mate. "
 "I made it clear already that I dont like the idea that everyone has to go to college. That said, its not a suggestion that people go to college if they want jobs. Its a NECESSITY. There are very very few jobs willing to hire someone without some kind of degree (even from community college) for positions that pay above 30k starting out. So basically if you want high wages but dont have incredible skills, you need to go to college.   As for the debt thing, I think this is a problem that primarily affects people who choose to take on large amounts of debt. Debt doesnt come with every college education. Debt comes primarily from people going to private schools with high tuition. If you dont want debt, go to public school. Additionally, theres enough financial aid at schools that you should be fine with no or little debt. Its also worth mentioning that if you did well enough in school, you can get more scholarships and more aid as well as get into bigger, better schools with more money to give.   I said that I dont like the idea of everyone going to college because realistically 80% of the kids in college shouldnt have to be there. Their future jobs require no skills that college gives and they would have been better off going to technical school or just working right out of college. If youre going to work construction, you dont need to go to college. This is the situation in other countries, like Germany, where only the more academically oriented kids go to University and the other kids just get the education they need for their jobs. "
 "I actually liked the movie. Although I haven't read the books, and that might be why."
 "I'd argue they make billions more - perhaps can only compete with Walmart - specifically because they pay more. I don't prefer Costco out of a sense of charity or social justice. The workers at Walmart generally due a crummy job and are unhelpful, and it's not much of a leap to think that's simply because they're not motivated. Costco employees are energetic and proud to work where they do, and it shows. I have an easy time getting help with anything there. They pay their employees more, but get more value back for every extra dollar they spend."
 "Freedom from legal consequence, not interpersonal. You're free to be an asshole, we're free to label you an asshole."
 "*20,001 Leagues Under the Semen*  or  *20,001: A Fap Odyssey*  I can't decide"
 "The reason it's so popular is that ANYONE can use it. Anyone. Absolutely anyone. They may not use it intensively or intelligently, but they can use it. With i-devices you pay for user-friendliness and a certain kind of durability. "
 "Jive. Because if chump don't want no help, chump don't get no help."
 "I know a manager, let's call him Morning. He doesn't seem to really care for Stan. Even though Stan is \"solid\", \"nice\", \"young\" and \"able\" he only seems to do the minimum. Jill is especially adept at making sure her \"go getterness\" is visible. People, especially management see this.  Stan's fucked. Jill has played the game.   I'm not saying that this is the case here, but as a manager, I see this ALOT. Some people can play the \"game\" and some can't. Those that can't get the slip. Sometimes, it's rare, but sometimes, someone is a producer and a player. Usually, the ones that advance are just players."
 "Coiling cable (or rope or garden hose or Christmas lights or whatever).  If you alternate going clockwise and counterclockwise, it doesn't get into a mangled mess, and the cable will probably last longer.  Quick check: If you can toss it while holding one end and end up with a mostly-straight cable, you're doing it right.  Here's a demonstration by some bloke in England: "Something my mom said to me a couple years ago before we went to take family pictures.  I started to shave my head because I was getting a pretty big forehead, receding hairline and all.  Well anyways, I don't like the half and half look with hair and balding so I just cut it all off.  I did that and went downstairs and   my mom said I look like Mr Clean (in a sad that I cut my hair manner)....   She apologized after she realized that it was very uncool"
 "Relevant username."
 "Then you truly must be a discipline individual. Never works for me though, I prefer working alone and grinding it out until I'm done. "
 "Two Brothers. I never saw a trailer for it before going to see it. It looked like a documentary about tigers, so I marched my 14yr old self out of there.  I would have walked out on 'Sunshine' but I was hoping that something good might happen. That was a shit film."
 "You sly bastard"
 "Icelandic, because it's completely useless here in the US and I think wobbly-headed languages like that sound cool. Also, no, I have no idea why I call Scandinavian languages 'wobbly-headed', it just seems to fit."
 "That is a great poster"
 "Yep. It was a very interesting 4th of July."
 "I've been trying to get the most out of life a little bit more in the last few months. I've somewhat weaned myself away from my computer and Xbox, I have no games on my phone so I won't be as easily distracted (reddit is bad enough), try to get outside for at least an hour as often as possible, started exercising, took up learning photography, started using DuoLingo to practice Spanish, and taking a lot more walks. Honestly it's been improving my mental state. I get up early and enjoy it for once. I get anxious on rainy days if I can't go play soccer at the park. I've never really had a hobby aside from video games and now I have a couple"
 "Oh.Your.God. -Bender, Futurama "
 "It looks like you failed to ask a question in your title. Double check everything, including punctuation, and try posting again.   * **If you're wanting to tell a story or explain something, please try /r/Self.**  * **If you're needing advice of any kind, try /r/Answers or /r/needadvice**  * **If you're looking for something that has slipped your mind, try /r/TipOfMyTongue.**  Anything else not covered try one of the subreddits mentioned in our sidebar that better suits your needs.  If you need more clarification, or feel this was an error, please contact the mods and provide a link to this post, thanks!   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Increase memory performance.  Increase back muscle strength, many systems aren't handling current code very well.  Fix \"Walk into room and forget why\" bug -This is a serious memory leak issue and can cause frustration.  Increase Common Sense check, current parameters are to low and is not occurring often enough for balance.  Add a better tutorial. Current Tutorial continues to leave humans confused or unaware of many features available.    "
 "Relevant: "Wha...what is it?"
 "Hindi.  I work with loads of Hindi speakers...."
 "R/videos"
 "People have told me this. I don't agree. I'm a hand-sneezer. Why? I can contain the sneeze pretty well - and now I can easily go wipe/wash my hands.  If I sneeze into my elbow, I have a snotty arm all day. That doesn't seem like a good thing to be walking around with. "
 "Could you maybe send any workout ideas or more importantly meal plans. I struggle with this the most "
 "  people who show up drunk, forget to come in at all, start fights with coworkers, steal, etc  Those people get fired...so kind of a false premise.  "
 "That's one of the best descriptions of electricity I've read. Nice work! "
 "yeah. ofcourse a lot of them made a bunch of their money to control the government into exploiting people, killing competition unfairly, etc... But the problem is not that they HAVE money :)"
 "le puns xd"
 "I'm mexican and i freaking love tacos."
 "Could you elaborate a little about how it felt on the phone? "
 "\"Year One\" - because my wife and I just looked at each other, about 15-20 minutes in, and telepathy happened - this movie isn't going anywhere, let's get the hell out of here. So we did."
 "This sounds like the worst excuse in thr history of mankind...but I will do it when I have time.  It is hard to have time for anything when your life revolves around your kids.  "
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Sure, but it better not be poop. Lol"
 "Whatever you do, don't beat that pussy like Emmett Till. That's classless, and she'll likely need surgery afterwards."
 "I used to think it doesn't matter, but I am a very political person, my ex wasn't, but was a lot more conservative than I. She actually forbade me from going to a women's rights protest among others. The relationship didn't last long after that for other reasons."
 "Photosynthesis! "
 "What'd it say? "
 "I don't feel I have to improve on anything :)"
 "It's like what they say to people wanting to be comedians 'first make yourself laugh, only then can you hope to make other's laugh', focus on yourself then that from others will follow"
 "Shoot.  I wish we were fancy enough to live in Texas."
 "I've heard the girls are insanely hot!"
 "Don't get the triple strength for that."
 "Not with an username like that, it isn't. "
 "and the salt lake made of Redditors tears."
 "So you think males aren't affected by abortions?"
 "Thanks I guess I'm looking for suggestions to find leisure, and willing to try new things. "
 "First name Tom Second name Cruise"
 "There's been quite the backlash to Kegel's lately "It's huge piece of advice but in my experience, advice and material availability mean nothing when people don't listen to it. "
 "Please tell me you're not serious...."
 "If you like it, put a ring on it.   Don't do it bro. It's not worth it."
 "So your comfort is more important than someone earning enough to pay there bills and get off of assistance?      All of the 'extra' money that minimum wage workers get would be poured into local economies and necessities thereby stimulating the market and lifting all boats. Why put out a hand to help those less fortunate when you can step on their heads to get yourself a little more."
 "I learned that my anxiety and fear of failure was holding me back from a lot of things. It was unfortunate that I learned it by watching someone else's downfall, but it made me realize I can't hold myself back. It's a hard thing to work on though and is always a work in progress."
 "Shutup Erin."
 "There are OTHER websites? I thought they were a myth thought up by /r/conspiracy. I think my life is a lie. I need a visit to /r/theredpill."
 "Just like hair!"
 "You know what would happen if we lowered taxes right now...  Next years corporations would show a higher profit and people would still be too poor to eat."
 "Where does this \"mom's spaghetti\" come from?"
 "How?"
 "Hahaha.  Man, I thought we had something juicy going on. What a let down! Haha.  Maybe you have an identical twin living on the other side of the world doing exactly what you're doing right now."
 "I'm a member of the American work force. It's only getting worse out here in the trenches.  By which I mean not only is the power in the employee/employer relationship swinging ever father in the wrong direction, but every year thousands more nonsense, middle-man, nonproductive positions are being invented so that we can maintain the illusion that even with exponential growth in new technology, we all still have to work 40 hours a week to be able to feed and house everyone."
 "Damm this one is sad."
 "Then your consciousness gets trapped in flock of carrion birds."
 "Fax Cruise"
 "You have a better idea that works at least as good? "
 "I guess that's one way to look at it... "
 "People driving the speed limit or slower in the left lane on a highway."
 "And those markets depend on having goods and services st a cheaper price point to get investors. So its a lot less than what a decent wage should be for people in emerging markets.  So really just extend the op question to global scale"
 "I bought the trilogy and No Country as Christmas presents to myself.  I'm enjoying No Country, but looking forward to the other books as well."
 "My issue is that countries with higher minimum wages when translated to US currency still keep mcdonalds in business. Meanwhile mcdonalds here claims it would be *impossible* to pay US employees the sort of pay they would get in, say, Australia?  Also, McDonalds says they'd have to raise prices, and that no one would buy a McDouble for $1.75. However, if every person making $7 an hour right now were suddenly making $15, a $1.75 burger really wouldn't be that bad. "
 "Tell her that she makes you nervous too (assuming she at the very least gives you butterflies or something - obviously don't lie or lead her on)."
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "if he wasnt wanting a relationship with her and she wasnt either, there wasnt any friend zoning happening."
 "Going UA in the military...knew what I was about to do, still went through with it..I will always regret that"
 "this wins in my book"
 "Opened the door and there was an olive on the ground. A big, green one. Later came to discover that hotel had been rated \"The Dirtiest Hotel In seems to be the #4 dirtiest now, so they're working on it."
 "I could care less; I just can't be bothered."
 "So basically everyone from, lets say europe, would be considered as some sort of super hero in the U.S.?"
 "Depends on time of day and area. I've been groped in broad daylight as cars drove past, so I no longer assume 'daytime = safe'. That said, when I walk anywhere alone, especially at night, I choose my route carefully to avoid trouble. That means rape or being mugged or other things.  You should be aware that most rapes are not done by someone grabbing you off the street. It's more often an acquaintance, partner, friend, family member who was trusted. So if I'm out anywhere and I'm not with my husband or parents, I'm on just the same alert as walking down the street. It's not 'omg I'm going to be raped' but things like keeping an eye on my drink, not letting myself wind up alone with someone in an unfamiliar place. I just try to avoid getting into a situation where that could happen."
 "I really doubt most people making $7-15 an hour would suddenly become unemployed.  Do you really think McDonalds, Walmart, Target (whoever) has any more employees right now than absolutely needed?  I doubt they could suddenly fire 1/2 there employees and keep the stores running.  They would simply raise prices to offset the increased wages but with everyone who makes less than $15 an hour (a large portion of the US work force) now making more money it would easily offset the increased prices."
 "I'm not talking about paying for Iphones I'm talking about paying for food! God, The people on this thread are so fucking out of touch it's insane. \"Put themselves into shitty life situations\" That is so fucking ridiculous. School funding is based on Property tax! Do you understand the implications of that? [Certain people are fucked from the and can't get out of it. For fucks sake, you are just...   ....and where did the Filipino thing come from?"
 "I have a friend who consistently refers to more than one text as \"tex-es\" and more than one breakfast as \"breakfas-es,\" and when her house was being remodeled there were a lot of problems with the \"jois-es.\" Yes, I understood what she meant, but all three of those words are still incorrect. "
 "or [this "Just because you can, you should."
 "This is me as well! I spent most of 2013 avoiding the grieving process by running around and trying to be who I thought everyone else wanted me to be. In the end I didnt really like the person I had become. Currently I am enjoying the peacefulness that comes with growth, acceptance, and true self worth. Also having the time and energy for crafting, reading, cooking, and exercise is incredible.  Happy New Year to you!"
 "A lot of families don't have the luxury of deciding whether they should work to relieve their boredom."
 "Australian here. Nobody likes or cares about Canberra, except the fireworks are legal there.  Sydney is a shit hole populated by wankers (Except you, guy who just got offended. You're different.)  Melbourne is the true capital of Australia, and anyone who says differently does not live in Melbourne."
 "Working and living in NYC you meet many celebs and I certainly had my share of encounters. One very funny one: I was working in a building at Columbus Circle (now gone) where temp space was rented out to movie companies filming in NY. The security guard in the lobby took his job very seriously and one day while I was returning from lunch I saw him arguing with 2 people without ID and he would not let them pass. I approached them and said to Mr. Security guard, \"Sam. Let me introduce you. This is Olympia Dukakis and Lou Diamond Phillips. Surly you know who they are?\" Sam said \" I don't care who they are! They do not have passes!\" I finally convinced Sam to agree to allow me to sign them in as my guests so they could enter the elevators to get to their destinations. We all laughed a full 20 floors up."
 "[Here, a neuroscientist explores the benefits of meditation through brain mapping   Link leads to a TED talk. "
 "/u/ReferencesCartoons    I mean really? Did you have to ask?"
 "Plastic Ono Band - John Lennon"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "/r/watchpeopledie  Makes the rest of the day seem more bearable."
 "yea, your post was the funniest thing I've seen in a while.  "
 "says you and larry david."
 "I actually learned this the hard way also. Beside from using excel a lot in work, I do a little of coding from this program. And every week/month/day, you have to update it.  When I was new, I used to update then 'save'. Until I forgot what I needed to update in the codes. My team leader actually laughed it off and told me what I had to do to fix it. Took a whole damn effort to fix it. That was when he told me to get used to 'save as' other than just 'save'."
 "Stalin"
 "/r/ShittyLifeProTips "
 "I wonder what will be the hi-light of the new year"
 "As long as the prisons and those who do the arrests are two different people is there a real issue?  If we separate the 2 agents then it should remove the incentive to arrest as many people as possible "
 "Hannah Montana died."
 "Curious, what if there is not enough wages paid to where these companies are not able to sell their product. In effect, because people aren't getting paid enough, velocity of money is slowed to where, supply of money is not enough to bring a demand?"
 "you care enough to mention anything. simply revering something means you could care less, it is called logic."
 "\"The airdrop represents the largest deployment of any letter to a foreign country since 1984. During the summer of that year, the US shipped 92,000 consonants to Ethiopia, providing cities like Ouaouoaua, Eaoiiuae, and Aao with vital, life-giving supplies of L's, S's and T's.\"  Sooo good."
 "I used to have a beautiful lab that did this. She would always put her paws up and make this weird playful growly noise and roll over. Such a happy dog."
 "Oh no you don't, I've taken your love and shan't be giving it back until I'm done."
 "die."
 "I'm gonna throw another comment on this chain to make that less awkward"
 "I'd want to just learn how to swear like a Scottish man.  Or German, mainly because they have funny words: Flammenwerfer just makes me chuckle."
 "That's just awesome! Can you please add one link from the Onion News Network?  [VH1 Reality Show Bus Crashes In California Causing Major Slut Clean-up crews are hard at work after a VH1 bus carrying reality show contestants overturned, spilling 2,000 pounds of highly concentrated slut."
 "[How to It's not *that* creepy, it's just weird and hilarious. "
 "good luck. it's a fucking hard language although not as hard as Finnish or so  source: am geeman"
 "Should of peed on her leg at some point. Make your point AND assert your dominance at once. "
 "Do what you say you will do. If it's not your cup of tea, don't drink it."
 "John Wayne as Ghengis Khan. It happened. "
 "get recruited from an elite university  pays alright"
 "Just send me a clever text on your phone with some misspelled words. There's $100 and condoms under the sink. "
 "This one is definitely my favorite."
 "I get that reference! "
 "Gun it and run it."
 "You can flush urinals manually? what sort of witchcraft is this?  "
 "1. Get a friend  2. Eat healthy meals (vegetables meat and rice)   3. Workout three times a week with friend. For the whole year then continue."
 "or seven rappers. Either flies."
 "  Somewhere in the house there is a \"*nwumnwumnwum..\" sound, similar to the sound of a cat about to battle another cat.  I think I know that exact sound you're talking about.  It's a warbling cry,  but it's more pathetic-sounding than the fierce kitty battle cry.  My cat has done that a couple of times. (She's a rescue;  I've had her 4 months.)  First time scared the crap out of me;  I thought she was going to die."
 "To an extent this exists in places in the US. I live in Ohio, where minimum wage is 7.85. If you are 16, you have to be paid at least that much. If you are under 16, you can be paid federal minimum of 7.25.   I've always heard this is because of employers having to deal with child labor laws making it more annoying to employ 14 and 15 year olds (\"When school is IN session minors 14  15 cannot be employed before 7:00 a.m. or after 7:00 p.m.; work more than 3 hours on any School Day; work more than 18 hours in any School Week; work during school hours, unless employment is incidental to bona fide vocational training program.  When school is NOT in session minors 14  15 cannot be employed before 7:00 a.m. or after 9:00 p.m.; work more than 8 hours per day; work more than 40 hours per week.\") I know first hand though that these laws are often not followed..."
 "A pretty overlooked attribute but respectable. Good answer and how bad is it?"
 "I thought my dog the ''give me your paw'' trick by encouraging him with treats. now whenever he wants a treat he gives me his paw, even when I'm not asking for it. like I'm eating popcorn and he comes ''here's my paw! here's my paw!''"
 "I wrote a book, along with many others, on how to have Natural Coitus. The idea originated from 4chan though. I still have it if anyone wants a sample. "
 "Yeah, there's just so much good untranslated stuff out there..."
 "I thought it meant bitch?"
 "I don't know anyone worthy enough to spill blood over. But if you do, remember to eat their hearts to absorb their powers along with their courage."
 "Learn Pali and translate Buddhist texts perfectly"
 "This is almost cringe level clich, and probably mentioned a few times in this thread, but the most interesting book at the time I read it was 48 Laws Of Power. I was 19 and spending some time behind bars so clearly had been making some poor decisions. Robert Greene isn't the most respected author or historian and both the subject matter and history citations could invite criticism, but my young underdeveloped mind ate it up. I was in a setting where I was seeing real-life examples and results of these sorts of strategy, albeit on a more simplified level.   It also reignited an interest in reading, history, and generally furthering my education. Funny, it was a real \"don't know what you got til it's gone\" scenario - I was used to being able to google any subject of interest. In there, my only resource was a cart of ripped copies of fiction paperbacks and religious pamphlets or what I could get sent from Amazon. The day I got I got a library card. I had been fucking up at a community college, eight months after I got out I had transferred to a good university. "
 "McDonalds wouldn't HAVE to raise their prices, they could just make less profit.  I look at it this way;  If an owner/executive makes say $500k a year, and has 5 employees under them making $20k a year, why couldn't they take a $100k decrease in pay and split it between the employees?  This difference in quality of life from $500k to $400k a year isn't that noticeable, while going from $20k to $40k a year is a huge difference.  The problem is people are greedy.  I'm not saying people shouldn't make large amounts of money for their work, but what ever happened to sharing the wealth, especially to the workers that help create the wealth?\r\rI know I will be down voted, but that's how I feel."
 "I don't think your balls are meant to be that cold. Maybe you should get a ball-warmer or something."
 "Its pretty bakla if you ask me."
 "Every morning as soon as I open the shower curtain, my cat Boris scuttles into the bathroom, stands on his hind legs with his front paws on the edge of the tub, and stretches his head way up with a look that's 80% love and 20% crazyface. This is my cue to bend down and give him a kiss on his little forehead, then make with a wet foot so he can lick it. Sometimes he will hang around until I'm altogether out of the tub and lay on my still-damp feet, licking them until I just can't take anymore and drop a towel on him to get him to stop."
 "I get yelled at when I do this :/"
 "I have no idea what \"sentimentally true\" means."
 you go. Here's an answer to whether or not the benefit of your \"#1\" outweighs \"#2\". "
 "Peeling a banana. "
 "live. "
 "My dad farted at the dinner table. Immediately following, he would yell, \"SMELLS LIKE ROSES!\" "
 "While the result seems absurd, I'm sure the factors leading up to that payout would shed a lot more light on why that decision was made. Since, after all, companies don't just give out money because they like to keep rich people rich, they do it tactically. I can't comment more on what led to that, but I could see some possible reasons being: keeping the bonus in-line with that for other executives, attempting to  keep the exec from jumping ship to another company, perhaps some amazing feat of strength in that 6 months from that exec that led to a huge boon for the company, I really don't know."
 "Heh - yeah, I'm not sure whether to be disappointed or relieved. It was a nice blip of interestingness in an otherwise boring night.  I wonder which of us is the evil twin?"
 "What kind of dentist has an escalator?"
 "hm ok"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Fuck you pay me  Fuck you pay me  Fuck you pay me"
 "Hey fun fact I'm white and from the Appalachians and it was pointed out to us that we were a group positively affected by affirmative action. It's about your background, what resources you had growing up, not necessarily just your skin color. We had a mini affirmative action in my high school for the kids who were from a particularly small middle school who eventually merged into our highschool, because those kids had pretty big drop out rate and they really needed the motivation."
 "thanks friend *puts his hand over you and starts twitching*  I think we're gonna be besties....."
 "When I'm working I make good money, and could make more if I was willing to charge more.  Part of the reason I do the work I do however is because I spend a few months at a minimum each year on the land picking various mushrooms, berries, and or gardening, so this career fits in well with my lifestyle (as I do it mostly during the winter months).  edit: changed \"good\" to \"could\".  The more I transcribe the worse my spelling becomes!"
 "My family once went to a resort in Maine, and we didn't have enough beds for me to sleep in, so they ordered me a cot. We add this soft, blue blanket we find in the closet to make my night more comfortable.   Unfortunately, after everyone falls asleep I smell a faint scent of pure shit.  I get my nose to touch the blanket to smell (I was a kid and this was how I smelled things then). I notice immediately that there was something very wrong with this blanket. I say: \"Dad, this blanket smells bad.\" He responded: \"Go to bed. We will deal with it in the morning.\" I do exactly that and fell asleep with the stench of shit overwhelming me.   I wake up in the morning noticing that some asshead used it to wipe their butt, folded it, and put it back into the closet. I then puked last nights dinner. "
 "I don't care. It's an inherent part of the construct of reddit, and I knew what I signed up for."
 "Might get some shit for this but.... he cheated on me with a man (he's bi), got an STD, and that's how I found how he cheated. We broke up for 3 months and I became really depressed. Eventually it got so I was able to talk to him, and then he flew me out to see him where we had a lot of long talks. He seemed genuinely remorseful and vowed that he would never hurt me again. My major fault is that I'm too forgiving so I took him back. But honestly, we've never been better now. "
 "My oldest cat brings us stuffed animals. You always know he's on his way because he makes this little stuffed-mouth \"mrowr\" noise as he walks with the toy in his maw. Then he'll walk up to you and drop the toy. If you thank him he'll happily walk away or rub on you, if you don't he'll just stare at you for a moment before wandering off (probably to plot revenge on rudeness). Doesn't matter if you're on a different floor of the house, he'll bring the toy to you (if you hear him meowing you have to call to him so he knows where you are). He also doesn't seem to mind the fact that half the toys he carries around are bigger than he is and weight half as much as he does.   His younger brother has taken to doing this with feather toys, though he doesn't meow. You can just hear the toy being dragged behind him on the wood flooring. Then he'll come over and drop it and play if you swish it around for him. He also loves spinach, so he comes into the kitchen every night when we make dinner on the off chance that leafy greens will be involved and he can beg for them. Spinach is the only thing that will make him come near my son, he'll take a leaf right out of his hand but avoids the child like the plague at all other times.  The youngest of our three cats loves bubbles. If you yell \"Nietzsche, bubbles!\" he'll come running (most of the time). Usually he just watches the bubbles, though occasionally he'll paw at them. He also is the most lap-cat of the three, despite weighing 22 pounds and being the most ill-suited to the position. If you're laying on the couch, he immediately walks up and jumps on you (painfully) and makes himself comfortable on your stomach/chest, often kneading with his talon-like claws all the while.  "
 "Commenting so I can find it again in an argument about minimum wage "
 "     ((-shit))^2  **Shit just got real.**"
 "The teaser image is good but the official poster was one of the first all-photoshop \"floating head\" posters that all movie posters now have degenerated into, sadly. IMHO movie posters (except for retro  alternate Alamo Drafthouse-style ones) are a lost art now, along with album covers."
 "You don't \"get into the CIA\", the CIA gets into *you* and it's not a job you do for the pay..."
 "Where I am, there's still 5 hours left of 2013. What can I accomplish in 5 hours?"
 "Hey... Looking for some company? mmmmhmmmmm"
 "Yes, some people are privileged and I agree with you. That is why we have government support for the unprivileged to compensate.  It would be an error to believe that because the privileged are more likely to succeed that in order to succeed, you need to be privileged which is what tuba_man implies."
 "Don't let someone put numbing condoms on you backwards."
 "Biden has a reputation for his off-the-cuff remarks, like when the mics caught him telling Obama it was \"a big fucking deal\" when the ACA was passed. The Onion took it to an extreme charicature, making him a total wildman party animal. The fact that he's not anything close to that makes it really funny, in my humble opinion. "
 "A 4 way stop in the South, aka the \"southern standoff\"."
 "My brain doesn't work correctly. I also don't care for South Park."
 "Mouth breathers. "
 "Look's like it arrived on time!"
 "Mandarin.  The people that own the vast majority of U.S. debt and appear to be a powerhouse of the future...would be handy to speak their language."
 "I would evaluate a stripper's ability to give lap dances. "
 "Nauseating. Seriously. "
 "To be fair, a lot of people keep their flash set on \"auto\" so if it is dark, then even though the subject is far away the camera will register it as low light and flash"
 "Wait seriously? Which god did they kill and why?"
 "It depends on you and your girlfriend.  Generally,  I think there's more negotiating over things you decide to do and more support for you when you would have suffered by yourself normally - things like having someone to talk to, or someone who helps you do stuff when you're sad or tired because of things out of your control, or picking up your mistakes before they screw you up.  But then she'll also expect some kind of support like that from you.  Your life gets cheaper to run, because you and her can pool your resources, and then there's a new cost in your life of maintaining the relationship, the size of which depends on your and her level of compatibility, quality of communication, and emotional intelligence. "
 "Who said to go and do all of those things? Pick one that interests you and find a way to squeeze it into your day!"
 "Where is your penis?"
 "Bad eyesight and a hereditary blood disease that would render my sons very fragile."
 "Because in the past (Like a long, long time ago) a small cat couldn't hurt you, while a relative of a poisonous snake, I think the black mamba is one, could seriously injure you.  Similar to how even though there are only 2 seriously poisonous spiders in the continental US, humans are still generally afraid of spiders because they could kill you.  Side note: I don't have much that I know about this subject, just stuff I have read in a few articles.  If I am incorrect in any of these statements, please let me know as I am not trying to start a fight nor give out incorrect information."
 "Those words are very filthy I understand you in that regard haha and I'd never look for someone to adopt a person that's completely out of character. Thanks for the insight!"
 "Haha, thanks mate. This has legitimately been very useful, and I thank you for the amount of effort you put into this. You're awesome."
 "It's a niche market. They may have that much for phones, and phones alone, but not nearly anything else. Also, considering that their major marketing ploy was colors last year, I don't see a whole lot of innovation coming from them. So yes, Apple is a niche producer. "
 this, but in a fish tank.   here's the process:  * starting with empty aquarium * put in water. allow pump to run for a month. * in this time, beneficial bacteria will develop in the filter and in the water.  * when you put the fish in the tank, it creates waste. Fish waste contains ammonia. * Since you already have an established bacteria community, the ammonia in the fish waste is processed into nitrate, which is not harmful to the fish. * if you don't do this, the ammonia buildup from the waste becomes too great. This kills the fish."
 "Depends on how much the Chinese or Russians offer you! *tish\""
 "Why do Hogwarts students care about house points?  Human psychology, that's all. We put an intrinsic value on meaningless points."
 "Because not all jobs produce enough value to be considered a livable wage. You cannot have jobs that make more than the value they produce.  "
 "And you yours! Have a great 2014!"
 "My evenings in a sentence or two."
 "I think what you're really looking for is BYAKUGAN!  edit: Chill guys, not sayin byakugan are the best eyes, but that they're the best for vision zoom"
 "Explains your all-caps love of Lil B."
 "My Cropiness?"
 "I don't know what you mean by sentimentally but the most true statement I know is \"the one thing you are guaranteed in life is change. Everything can and will always change\""
 "yeah, i cant argue with that at all.  "
 "[Relevant "I think he meant to say Nitrite, rather than nitrate."
 "Timing is everything on these threads, right."
 "iggy are you OK? Are you OK, iggy?"
 "Buy them a puppy. When they ask why the hell you bought them a puppy you can say \"It's so you can get used to the pitter-patter of little feet!\""
 "Smoking weed."
 "Full Sail IPA from the west of Ireland.  A 5 8abv for 4.55"
 "Regional accents do not change what is correct and incorrect, only what is accepted and what isn't. I wouldn't be a douche and call someone out for saying something one way or the other, but I would pretend that wrong is right either. "
 "Ah I love her"
 "A handful. "
 "It's awesome, right? I suck too bad to get involved though."
 "Tom Cruise."
 "most people can't seem to grasp the subtleties of idiomatic expressions."
 "I'm willing to go Republican on this one"
 "Well fuck"
 "Can you be fired from your job for testing positive for alcohol?  OP, you're a special type of stupid"
 "Does anyone know where we can get factual information about what is going on?  It seems there's only TEPCO or USGOV reports to the tune of \"nothing to see here, move along\", or wildly hyperbolic reports of all life as we know it stopping instantaneously and every molecule in our bodies exploding at the speed of light...   I know the truth is somewhere in between, but where?  "
 "I love labs! Very sweet dogs. My lil guy is a chihuahua. He is the most vocal dog I've ever had."
 "DARE TO BE STUPID"
 "Yes"
 "That sounds interesting!"
 "Not necessarily history, but a classic book...  Sherlock Holmes NEVER said \"Elementary, my dear Watson\". Not once in all the books.    "
 "I know, right?  I really, REALLY lucked out when she hired me. "
 "It was a lock on the inside that is kind of shaped like a curved hook and required turning to be locked."
 "Fecking internet filters being added limiting educational resources etc. The claimed reason... top \"protect the children\". Damn that Cameron fucker. One more step on the road to censoring all intelligent thought that goes against the system."
 "They aren't, sometimes Russian written for foreign speakers includes the accent to show which syllable is stressed"
 "In the bedroom I'm sure you let out a few obscenities. ;)"
 "When you get enough imaginary internet points, you can win the game man!"
 "I don't care, but going through specifically for gonewild posts, then getting mad there aren't any, is creepy as fuck."
 "Double major in Russian and Biochemistry."
 "I'm pretty sure my wife does this when I watch just to fuck with me."
 "Tomorrow I will wake up a different race, age color, gender, religion, and socioeconomic status.  I'm pretty excited. It's going to be a lot of change over night....."
 "My german shepherd is an adult male, 45 kilos. Biggest coward you ever saw. With any loud bang he will try to cower under something. most commonly under my desk as i work. given his huge size, only his head fits. his tail and body stick out from under the table"
 "Yes it is, and if you think you are any less selfish than me, I ask you why you don't already give your extra wages to those who need it?"
 "Night Vision is where its at."
 "By abortion laws? No. "
 "Not a dumb question!  It's binary notation, but using a vertical line to represent 1 and a horizontal line to represent 0  For more on Binary, check out this article [Binary "Well... Are your kids hillbillies?"
 "Laugh out loud. Well, as long as they can't vote, I am okay."
 "Let me preface this by describing \"Matthew\". Short ginger kid, must be 5 foot 2. I kept noticing how hated he was by the others, so I tried to form some kind of friendship with him out of pity (I do this way too often, it never turns out well). I tolerated him for a while. I was only bothered by his tendency to brag about his \"superior\" hockey skills (and other things), which I found out later were nonexistent. After about a year of this tolerance, I became pretty annoyed with him, but hid it well.  We were in 10th grade. It was lunchtime.  One of my closer friends, \"Colton\", was having a chat with someone about a game or something, and I was just sitting there listening, enjoying te conversation. Matthew ran by, taking the beanie that was on Colton's head (this hat was special to him, a gift from his late father). Colton stood up and ran after him, but only succeeded in chasing him in circles.  It was the last straw for me. I'm not a big guy, but compared to Matthew...I stood in Matthews path, and he tried to swerve around me. First thing I could think of doing was sticking an arm out, and because of his height, I clotheslined him, but in the face. He landed hard on the cold concrete, making a strange whining sound.  I plucked the hat from his hands and said \"that's what you fucking get\", handing it back to a relieved Colton.  Matthew never spoke to me or Colton. again.  TL;DR: I accidentally clotheslined a kid that stole my friends hat that was a gift from his dead father. "
 "Alright, then come up with an idea that works at least as well if not better and I would be more than happy to support it. Until then, why stop doing something that provides some benefit when there is no alternative. "
 "Yep,  like how the Spanish Flu almost won Europe in the early 1900s"
 "In life, try to have a clue what you're talking about, is my motto "
 is not an answer to the question posed here, but answers have been given many times in the comments.   Instead, this is a consideration to be made about this conflict."
 "I take it your date for New Year's Eve is Reddit then? "
 "So is this you?  "Sadly not much. I've worked for a couple of ISPs and they're just too big a business to care. All utility companies are the same, it's about profits. As long as they're getting their money from average mom and dad who don't care or know about throttling or caps they're just too big an operation to give a shit."
 "Grab somebody and tell them, \"Hey! Give me everything tonight!\"   That line smells of rape charges!"
 "Getting your vehicle out of snow.   We've had record snows here (closing in on 100 cm since Oct). People in our neighbourhood are mostly from places where there isn't this much snow. I've pushed a lot of people out and the vast majority have made the same mistake. They immediately put the pedal to the floor and ramp the RPM. Then you're trying to push someone out of polished divots four inches deep. "
 "Sex is great  you always have someone to see a movie with.  The rest..............meh"
 "The replies from this question make me very, very sad. About 90% of the answers make me fear for the future.  But I'll answer the best way that I can, with my econ background: many others have noted the economics of it, so I won't repeat it.  However, not every job should have a livable wage because *not every job is intended for someone to live off of*.  Guess what? There are a lot of teenagers out there who want work. Stay at home moms. Retirees. And people just looking for extra income on weekends, for whatever reason. They are working at a low wage because that's what works for them. If the price was a \"livable\" wage, those opportunities wouldn't exist at all.  There is a market for non-livable-wage workers, *as their should be.* I don't see why this is so hard to understand. "
 "Ithaca College has a great communications program. Alumni speaking, so I am biased I suppose. "
 "Enter from the front and exit from the rear?  Every time I get on a bus and you're in a certain part of the bus like the front you go out the front. If you're in the back you go out the back. And if you're in the middle you also go out the back. I've never heard of enter from the front and exit from the rear I thought it was depending on where you're sitting."
 "\"FAA reminds people that planes can crash and kill you.\""
 "Beards. It's like an uncontrollable mane of pubes... AROUND HIS MOUTH.  They're so unattractive and make the guy look 10+ years older :("
 "How about instead of putting it off until midnight you put it off now? If you're gonna stop, stop.  Not trying to insult you, just suggesting."
 "How people put choke chains on their dogs. I'm surprised they rarely come with directions. "
 "What's a loader? "
 "This is the reason developed countries have a lower birthdate, which is a disaster for economics concerned with exponential growth, ironic?"
 "Facing the A class and S class mechs in a 1v2 in Armored Core: Master of the Arena.  Suffice to say at the end I played like a top korean pro plays SC2. I didn't cheese it, I used medium-weight mech with a high dps hand weapons and an ammo upgrade loadout. IIRC."
 "It would be one reality tv show after another."
 "*God fucking dammit.*"
 "Not enough that you could afford it. Remember, you probably went out and spent most of your 15k in the first week trying to secure shelter and food, and nobody can afford to pay you jack shit any more because they've all got 15k too.   And like a dumbass, I bet you kept your laptop, and your smartphone, and other personal possessions that the Global Wealth Equalization Office valued at a few grand, so there's that gone.   Most of the wealth of your nation and community got shipped off to Africa and Asia and South America, so there's probably not even a whole lot of top tier medical equipment left. I mean, who exactly went and pooled what little they had left to be allowed to keep an MRI machine?  What's really going to happen is you're going to go find a doctor who is willing to take a lot of what you have left to attempt to do surgery with basic instruments in the cleanest room you can find somewhere. "
 "maybe walmart"
 "Clenching my teeth. "
 "sex"
 "Proposing in Brooklyn on holiday from a Ireland "
 "Nell... In the theater. "
 "Easier seen than heard."
 "Have you read To Kill a Mockingbird?"
 "Being able to shrug off things that are worrying you and find joy in the smaller things. It makes for a person who is much more enjoyable to be around, and it makes you happier as well :)"
 "True. Those people messed it up for those of us who were good with it. "
 "Sorry, didn't mean to come off as offensive, was legitimately curious. Thank you for answering. "
 "Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 1 in our of either:  * **Your own answer to the question goes in the comments as a reply to your own post.  Your post will not be approved unless your own answer is removed from the text box.**  * **You must post a clear and direct question, and only the question, in your title**  Use the text box to explain your question if necessary (adding context or conditions), but do not use it to share your answer. As the submitter, your answer or story goes in the comments section as a reply to the post. This is to allow for users to distinguish between the question being asked, and the submitter's answer, when voting.  Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited.  [**When you've removed your answer from the textbox, message the mods for review and and ask the moderators to re-approve it.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Leather jackets"
 "Take advantage of what you have while its there."
 "No, why do you ask? That was random."
 "Yes. It is. You have to worry about what your employees are doing, not just what you're doing. The burger flipper might have to worry about money, but at his job all he has to worry about is flipping a burger. A manager has to worry about making sure the employees under him are working and not loafing. He has to worry about whether or not the customer is happy. Higher up, the owner has to worry about making sure their business is properly advertised and their staff is working fine. The executive has to worry about all this on a larger scale. They are all necessary parts of the machine. And they are paid based on what they do."
 "Didn't finish your quote marks..."
 "That is pretty awesome to be so close to GGB.  That means you must also be really close to the great highway or sunset boulevard.  Which means you are pretty much near a highway.  And the 38 is a line that connects to all othet bus lines.  You do have it pretty good.  "
 "When a chick spits on your dick. What guy in the name of god finds that a turn on?"
 "Don't you know, once you have a million karma points you obtain immortality"
 "It's not about making up for past inequality, it's about fixing current inequality. "
 "THE Boulder agrees with this statement"
 "lol that was pretty good"
 "How would you know?"
 "Yes, and remove them in the opposite order.  I put the negative on the engine block of the dead car, but anywhere grounded is good."
 "For April Fool's one year, I announced that I had just received a test that I was sterile. Pregnant girlfriend got upset and almost went into labor. I felt horrid for the longest time :("
 "I haven't been on reddit long enough to have much of a history, but I can extend this to Facebook, Twitter and such things. It depends on the context. If someone brings something up to spark debate or to discuss a mutual interest, I'd be flattered. If it's not malicious, then I wouldn't take it as an invasion of privacy because this is the internet, when you press that 'send' button it should be YOU that realises that you are sending that information public.  "
 "I think their are a few others out there yeah. (: I love reddit, but Im just wondering what other websites people go on to waste time. "
 "If you've ever had a best friend, it's pretty much like that, except with sex. "
 "Pibroch."
 "Why can't simply 'not hurting others' be a purpose?"
 "Well then, what is your solution? "
 "At Least I Got My Ass Kicked by a Name Brand "Didn't exactly answer me but I assume that was what you were going for.   People who need money. Those jobs are not meant to provide a living wage. They are meant to be part time supplementary jobs. Government regulation is what caused this inflation as it is. It used to be these burger flipping jobs could support a person pretty well. Government demanded more regulation, minimum wages, price control, tax increases, inflation went crazy, wages couldn't keep up.  Get government out of the market (get rid of it in general) and we will see improvement.  "
 "Buy a plunger before you need a plunger..."
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Yeah, the betta keeps terrorizing the other fish, which is a shame because our old betta, Mr. Pickles, got along way better with them.  And we figured it was a swim bladder disease, but we can't figure out exactly what's up. My dad thinks she has some sort of blockage where he stomach connects to her swim bladder or something similar to that."
 "Say it down here in the South. You'll be followed up with an \"Amen\" and some nodding. "
 "I dunno I've never heard a siren on the radio and thought it was real..."
 "who is this awkward dude?"
 "Go to the University of Arizona. It will feel like year-round summer, there's plenty of partying and space to study when you want to stay out of it. Greek life is strong but not overbearing if you don't want to be involved and campus is gorgeous. Campus is also flat which is great for biking, skateboarding, etc. Tons of student housing on-campus and plenty of places to live off-campus as well. I graduated in 2008 and still miss it every single day.  EDIT: There are good looking people everywhere. It's like NY or LA except people will actually hook up with you at a random party"
 "Well yeah...but they assumed that the US had enough nukes to keep doing it every 2 days in perpetuity. If that were the case, then Japan would suffer enormous casualties without any means of reprisal. In that scenario, there was not only no way for them to win, but also no way for them to lose honourably (by fighting for every inch of their land). "
 "\"Hey Tom, you drank a lot last night!\" \"Yeah, I'm just going sit here and endure every pain filled second of my mistake.\""
 "To be fair, it depends on how young the child is. I think there are too many people who try to explain things to kids who are, like, 2 years old instead of just telling them \"no\" like a parent. Kids aren't miniature adults. They are pretty much incapable of empathy in their early years. Essentially, that means you can't teach a toddler to share because little Jenny is sad and wants to play, too. You need to teach the motions first. The understanding comes years later. "
 "Oh god that didn't cross my mind! "
 "I see people do that all the time at the top of escalators, where people are being forcibly moved into the space they're just standing in.  Or just really, in the middle of any high traffic area with lots of people walking behind them at the same speed.  They just suddenly ... stop."
 "Tengo doce anos. :("
 "\"McDonald's, etc doesn't seem like the type of job that a head of household should have as the main job. It is for students, seniors, others who want to work part time for a little extra cash or even adults who want to moonlight a little. That said, I don't know how to solve the employment crisis.\"  I stand by my statement."
 "id say Walmart or target.sounds awesome!"
 "Jurisprudence fetishist gets off on technicality"
 "Just from that statement alone I can say they most likely had EIC and child tax credit. Probably even free lunches at the public school as well.   Baloney. I could've said the same as accujack about my own family for a time and the EIC didn't even exist for most of my childhood and the \"child tax credit\" isn't someone *giving* you anything, it's letting you *keep what is already yours*, your own earnings. And I brown bagged most of my childhood, my parents would've never even considered such a thing as the \"free lunch\" program as long as they could feed me themselves, evein if they had to do without. And the public school system I attended, such as it was, wasn't free, it was paid for by taxes levied on my father's wages. Getting services that you're helping to fund isn't any kind of freebie. "
 "2014 will be the year of 4K. "
 "Sometimes, but it's like seeing the same thing day after day. You want new and exciting."
 "I have a dolphin with a green mohawk wearing Rick James sunglasses and playing a Bootsy Collins sytle bass on my arm."
 "Oh, I got a text message. "
 "Yes. Hell yes. "
 "For me it's either: Ziltoid the Omniscient - Devin Townsend Project Or Time II - Wintersun. Though Behemoth's \"the satanist\" is up there too!!"
 "Don't ever go to Texas.  They have access roads that run parallel to larger roads (interstates and what have you).  The access roads tend to have a 'yield' sign where the offramp joins.  If somebody is exiting the highway on an offramp, it's expected that the folks on the access road, even if it's a multi-lane, will come to a complete stop (since that's clearly what 'yield' means), even if they would not have interfered with or slowed the offramp traffic at all.  You could be ahead of, and two lanes over from the offramp, but a Texas driver will lose their mind that you safely merged instead of coming to a full stop at the 'triangular stop sign' instead.  I merged as a civilized man would, because disregard the constabulary."
 "Welp, If you bring up that you have a degree from a good university, you're trying to make the statement that people with college degrees just can't get jobs. When it comes out that the degree you got was in Women's studies from University of Phoenix and you graduated with a 2.0 GPA it discredits your claim that college educated people just can't find work as you chose a unmarketable degree at a shitty college  and performed poorly while you were attending.  All of which indicates that there are other factors as to why you're struggling to get a well paying job such as poor decision making skills. "
 "Sad. It would be sad."
 "In Ireland,  publishing or uttering blasphemous matter is illegal and can hold a fine of up to 25,000. (Defamation Act 2009, Section 36)  Also one of my favourite (which was excituted by Bono and the Edge of U2 a few years back) \"Holders of the freedom of Dublin have the right to pasture sheep on common ground within the city boundaries.\"   "
 "Utah becomes 18th state to legalize gay marriage.  This one is twofold for me. First for it to be true, that means that 9 states had to legalize gay marriage this year (which they did). That is the same amount of states that had legal or pending legal gay marriage last year, so it doubled. And the second is, duh, it's Utah ain't no way. "
 "That's right, you're trapped."
 "Don't make a fire in a farmers field on a hot summer day. It's not worth it..."
 "You are very welcome :)"
 "My favorite \"Just set up a 29 gallon reef a week ago. Have 19 fish which 8 are tangs, 5 anemones, 32 types of coral, and no water movement. Why is everything dying?\""
 "A party where me and my gf were whores and our neighbor was our pimp. I was the discount whore."
 "That's hilarious."
 "I keep seeing posts saying that to raise wages, the costs of products would increase.  Why? They wouldn't HAVE to raise their prices, they could just make less profit.  I look at it this way;  If an owner/executive makes say $500k a year, and has 5 employees under them making $20k a year, why couldn't they take a $100k decrease in pay and split it between the employees?  This difference in quality of life from $500k to $400k a year isn't that noticeable, while going from $20k to $40k a year is a huge difference.  The problem is people are greedy.  I'm not saying people shouldn't make large amounts of money for their work, but what ever happened to sharing the wealth, especially to the workers that help create the wealth?\r\rI know I will be down voted, but that's how I feel."
 "THANKS, OBAMA! (sarcastically)"
 "I \"*could*\" care less"
 "It depends really. It's like they always say, you gotta chose your battles. I mean any two people are going to have their differences. In my experience, I've gotten over a lot of things in relationships, but I'm cool with it because I know my partner had to get over things too. "
 "To be fair ... school isn't a meritocracy either.  The only reason I passed a number of classes was because I showed up at office hours, and continued to effectively be bad at math -- but good at theory. So professors and TAs would bump me because they liked me and knew that I was trying. "
 "Thanks! :D"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "A few franchises (other fast food retailers too) are struggling to find workers. Obviously this is on a small scale in certain areas. Hell, in my expierennce, a mcdonalds by my house was doing fine with labor but the one 7 miles away at ny school couldnt keep workers for more than a few months. On my college campus and the one by old school also couldnt find a specific worker, native English speakers. Its pretty hard to have a cashier serve mainly English speakers when they dont. I guess it was cheaper to hire one for every few months and retrain them than pay them like $10/hour ti attract them though."
 "Did you fuck with people at church too?"
 "Effect is a noun, affect is a verb."
 "Jesus christ you're racist."
 "Depending on your cash flow, I'd end up doing something like a whole box full - like a shoe box or bigger crammed full of them.  I so considered this with my brother from time to time. He had long hair - like halfway down his back - and kept bumming them off me (his younger sister) since he had too much pride to buy them for himself. I finally cut my hair like chin-length where I didn't need to buy any so he'd be forced to buy his own."
 "What if god made it so that it was synthesised best at 36 degrees? "
 "Evidence would be like:  East Towncity and West Towncity had similar unemployment figures and employment demographics.  They were only separated by a river and both populations were relatively mobile.  East Towncity decided to raise their minimum wage by 10%.  Unemployment in East Towncity decreased while unemployment in West Towncity increased."
 "I have jacked up teeth and personally, I enjoy flashing them. It makes me feel powerful like a wolf. "
 "Integrity"
 "I went to New York with my choir group. HOLY CRAP, was that fun. We did a flash mob, I performed street magic for people, and we sang all over the place (like in St. John the Divine, the US's biggest cathedral. We sounded like freaking angels.). Plus it was my first time ever in an airplane, so bonus!"
 "cat Taco unleashed a wicked fetid hurricane  I thought this was a euphemism for queefing"
 "It happened."
 "There's a disturbing trend happening within a lot of middle age social circles where it has become taboo to discipline your child or be seen as \"too strict\".  "
 "between sets I flex in the mirror and mire on myself"
 "Miley Cyrus' Pooty Booty"
 "For a second I thought \"Wow, this will be so useful!\"  ...Then it hit me..."
 "Twilight.  Don't even ask me why I went in the first place. "
 "I am watching a scary movie and the distraction is necessary so I don't freak out."
 "Where do you *ever* find two for one toilet paper? That's like...a sale of the gods!!!"
 "I think you need to reconsider the sanctity you seem to hold for the idea of supply and demand. It can be twisted in the modern global market. For example, in my home country businesses cry about a skills shortage to encourage immigration, whereas the reality is there are more graduates than ever before. Businesses want more applicants that will accept lower wages. Many major cities around the world are having a cost of living crisis due to housing being more expensive due to people from wealthier areas buying property, inflating the local market for buying and inevitably renting along with it. Telecommunications means outsourcing jobs to cheaper countries is easier.  Before, supply and demand was a little more localised for jobs than it was for something like natural resources. The upper and lower bounds were set by local variables. These days those bounds are much wider, with staff from rich countries competing with equally skilled staff from poorer countries, and the poor in third world countries having to compete against businesses with vastly greater resources at their disposal. It's a global upheaval (one that I hope will leave the world richer, and not just a handful of elites), and everyone should try to ride the wave as best they can, but the idea that it's entirely down to personal responsibility is flawed. People who try hard will get left behind, and we should try to dampen the effects of that, and the global market will affect wages in places where there's not much leeway for them to go down without severe problems. Minimum wages are ones of the tools for preventing it getting that bad."
 "Hmmm... You seem sane. Let's go with the other one!"
 "Win"
 "Some are standards, some are preferences. It's perfectly OK to have them. I'm sure you have some as well."
 "IDK bout Crawling though. That's not really a \"pump up\" kinda song. But yea, the rest fit."
 "Nope, that was me. One manager hated me, the second loved that I was efficient and solved problems without them most times. Helps working in a smaller box store too. "
 "Always, always, *always* keep a stock of things you'll need when you get sick. Because if you do get sick, you may not be able to go out and get them or have someone to get them for you."
 "Living alone is a luxury."
 "\"Just work your way out of poverty\""
 "as someone who works out for free with my own engineered home gym, I get where you're coming from"
 "I... I'm not even sure how to describe that. But this would be a start, yes.  Generally, let me get back to my previous statement: eeeeeeewwww."
 "If you live in an area with snowfall: Choose the apt. with the smallest driveway or with snow removal written into the lease. "
 "its poop (   )"
 "Getting decapitated means saving money on haircuts. "
 "Wait, what?"
 "Kartoffel takes the prize for my favorite German word. "
 "My sweet dance moves."
 "Whoop that trick."
 "Slow the fuck down dude. Also, when a ship is leaking and you put a cork in the hole, you're going to forget about it until it's too late. "
 "LOBBYING"
 "Damn. You are raking in the karma."
 "boobs are awesome "
 "I'm reading your question as in kids not related by blood.  Now I'm not a parent (thank god) and am still a teen (girl), but my mom have given me The Talk multiple times.  Basically I can date whoever I want (within legal boundaries), gender and race doesn't matter.  About sex... well, my mom has always been really open. I'll give a few examples:  Offered to buy me condoms when I need them.  Bought me condoms with taste so I could learn what they tasted and looked like (I was 12 y/o).  Showed me a picture of a bed she had destroyed while having sex my dad (some things cannot be un-seen).  Told me I might want to buy a dildo to 'figure out what I like'.   ...I'm still a virgin with no dildo. "
 "A fully-equipped camper-van, satellite internet connection and **lots** of tissue-paper"
 "Comment karma can be exchanged into Bitcoin. However, unless you've got karma to rival /u/Unidan , it won't amount to much."
 "That response made me chuckle. Thanks. Lol"
 "Allahu Akbar!"
 "Tim Hortons. Ice Hockey. "
 "Every morning my cat waits by my door until I wake up and take a shower and follows me downstairs. "
 "German, because it sounds angry and because all of the German I know at the moment is from Rammstein songs, South Park and films involving the Nazi's, so if I went to Germany speaking what I already know, there is a very good chance that I will be arrested/badly beaten/killed within a couple of minutes."
 "All, but as I recall there was some diminishing return going on. "
 "A midline $50 cooker will pay for itself in 6 to 7 meals."
 "My chicken's burnt now."
 "Since the worker would work for $7.50 an hour, his consumer surplus is $1.25. He is getting paid more than his minimum, so he is getting a surplus. The company believes that the worker imparts $11 per hour of value to the company, so they (theoretically) would be willing to pay anything less then $11. So since there paying $8.25 there producer surplus is $2.75 an hour.  Every position within an organization imparts value to the organization at varying amounts, and even changes between the same position at different organizations. A fast food employee at McDonalds may bring in $15 in value while the same fast good employee at Burger King brings in $10.  Some jobs will be eliminated as firms exit the market, while the wages of others will increase due to the value imparted by staff being greater then the increase.  I'm just trying to expand a little bit on what he said :)"
 "Annie is cute, Alison is a bit too slutty for me with that thick eye makeup and her crazy stories about trying to fuck a gay guy straight."
 "True but still funny."
 "True. Don't forget meat grinder tho that's also a dope song"
 "Yup"
 "Spanish. There are quite a few number of Spanish speaking peoples in the southern US. Latin American culture is interesting. Loads of places to visit in South America."
 "Meh, even if they do something needing it, I won't be rude to wait-staff, I will just complain to the manager.  Conversely, if they impress me, I will tell the manager too.. gotta be fair."
 "As a tall person, I will fully embrace the fact that I'm pretty doofy looking."
 "The best makeup application is when makeup is applied that enhances the the main features of the face.  Eyes, lips, cheekbones.  Yes its difficult to teach yourself not to be heavy handed.  And less is more."
 "I wish you luck.  Only took me about 3 years of working shit jobs to get where I am."
 "WHY WOULD YOU NEED TO LEARN THIS?!"
 "With your..."
 "The one asking rapists to tell their story. Could have had absolutely horrible consequences. "
 "japanese, so i could surprise my girlfriend by saying something really pretty that doesn't work as well in english (she studied japanese in college  lived there for a while)."
 "Honestly its the same in Australia. After spending months in europe and the UK coming back here and trying to go to a shopping centre was hell."
 "Breathing"
 "Flashes when taking photos of fireworks are the most pointless thing I've ever seen. "
 "Geena Davis. Especially as Mrs Little. "
 "Spanish, then I can finally get an A in my Spanish Class. Also there are a lot of Spanish speakers where I live. "
 " Evolution  *technological innovation"
 "Yes, some people are privileged and I agree with you. That is why we have government support for the unprivileged to compensate.  It would be an error to believe that because the privileged are more likely to succeed that in order to succeed, you need to be privileged which is what you implied."
 "Your dad's an employee.  He should be paid according to his work and skills -- in this case it sounds like he deserves a very respectable salary.  Hopefully he loves his job too.  Good for him.  Shareholder may or may not have put up the initial investment.  Might have just inherited the shares, or bought them.  At the end of the day you are dealing with increasing concentration of wealth, a declining middle class, a working class in poverty, and no plan to address the issue.  If you say \"just work hard as an individual and the massive societal problem will go away\" well you really haven't been paying attention, have you?"
 "If you could just give me the ability to see parts of the electromagnetic wave spectrum selectively.     ^Also, ^the ^ability ^to ^^increase ^^the ^^size ^^of ^^my ^^^genitals"
 "something something marker pun"
 "My son is only 5, so I don't have firsthand experience with this yet, but I do have ideas about the situation.  First, don't come to my house in an outfit you wouldn't want your own parents to see. I realize that dressing a certain way doesn't completely define you, but it leaves a hell of a first impression.  Next, don't be afraid of me.  I'm guilty of this one.  When I was dating my husband, his mother terrified me.  I had a lot of trouble opening up to her, which put a strain on his and my relationship.  Instead, ask my son about me.  Try to find some common ground so that when you are inevitably at my house, you and I can hold a polite conversation.  I'm not asking you to become my best friend, but courtesy goes a long way.  Finally, and this is the most important tip I can offer: Treat my son like you actually like and care about him.  The biggest way to win my affection is to make him happy and treat him well.  "
 "I have never heard anyone but myself use the phrase \"pay the fuck attention\""
 "I would love to, but the list is generated from this thread. If that one had gotten voted up, it would be on that page.  However, Slut Spill *is* one of my favorites. We sometimes have it playing on a loop in our reception area!"
 "One that feels genuine. From a person that cares about you."
 "I completely disagree. I hate the look of tattoos. But I can understand why some people would like them. "
 "NYU, Syracuse, or Ithaca"
 "Never waste a boner. Never trust a fart."
 "Right, which is why the vast majority of the country hasn't benefitted from it in the last four decades or so.  That's a problem we could solve, not an unchangeable fact of life."
 "Who?"
 "Speak for yourself. I'm golden!"
 "No forgiveness needed, your post was fine, I was giving you a hard time because you cant have a different ball in 3 corners when there are only two types and all triangles have 3 sides. Geometry joke."
 " Not even once.   A whole lot more than once. "
 "Give me wings damn. I need to be an eagle. "
 "Great. The unwritten is now written. How am I supposed to remember all of this stuff?!"
 "I came here to look for this."
 "I wouldn't apply this to EVERYTHING though. "
 "The rising of a great red bird.   Twelve men will hold back a great wave.   The number 135.   A fire without tragedy. "
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "YEAH LIKE I SAID EXPENSIVE YO"
 " and take our resources  That really makes no sense. If they can overcome the energy equation that they can make it all the way to here, there is no shortage of systems for them to go to and take absolutely anything they want in the way of resources. "
 "Honestly, you're probably not going to know what it's like beforehand.  Everyone starts off not really knowing what it'll be like, but that's okay.  The point is to try and enjoy hanging out with someone.  If things progress from there, great.  If they don't, oh well.  Don't start with the goal of \"getting a girlfriend.\". Get to a place where you're comfortable with yourself, then try to work on your social life.  Dating people kind of just progresses from there, so long as you put yourself out there."
 "It starts off soft. Not too wet. Your hands are on my face. Then slowly the kiss builds - you put your tongue inside my mouth softly, teasing mine. Soft touches.   We start kissing each other a little harder now, your hands are in my hair, and we have a good rhythm. You slowly pull back a little you hold me tight to you, and end by trailing kisses down my check to my neck....  I am pretty much helpless by this point. "
 "well thank you"
 "It doesn't change the truth. That 14 year old isn't a bad person; she was just lied to by a system she doesn't yet understand.  Welcome to adulthood."
 "Sit back and wait. He's too much of a lazy idiot to run his own life. Failure will come naturally. "
 "Cry."
 "I never cared for hunting but I grew up in an area that people did including my aunts as well as my uncles. it was just a simple comparison things some people are good at that others aren't. And anyone can joy dance, whites just don't get as much from it. Their forms of expression are in other areas."
 "Don't try to be a friend.   \"Hey, Jenna's dad, you wanna go watch a movie? Just you and me, man!\""
 "Why were you awake? Is that normal?"
 "Try alibaba"
 "/r/im14andthisisfunny "
 "I see... But still don't find it humorous. Oh well! :)"
 "I did it anyway. Our inventory system sucked anyway and I didn't have anything fancy like automatic ordering. "
 "My dog would be pretty talkative, or rather, pretty demanding. \"Hey, you, dumbass, take me for a walk. Walk! I SAID WALK! Why are you going to the fridge?! Is there food there? I better stick my head in and check. ....FOOD! Ohboyohboyohboy! Hey! Don't hit me on the nose, jerk.\"  \"I get that this is your bed and you're really, really tired but I like this spot here in the middle. In fact, I think I'll sleep on my side and stretch out my leg. Ooooooh~ Nothing like a good stretch....why you looking at me like that? Just get in bed and shut the damn light off, sheesh.\"  \"See this? You see this? This is my ball. Mine. Here, you wanna play with it? Actually, no, I changed my mind. Go away.... Hey wait, where are you going? here...no...nevermind...\"  "
 "Commenting so I can use this as reference "
 "Yeah, work in progress for sure.. and it seems to always been 7 steps forward, 1 back. "
 "My history teacher thinks he should be executed. She really cares about 'murica.   "
 "Make us men have super heat resilient testicles and put them in our body!"
 "So, who's the band?"
 "I can confirm this, my French teacher is a numbskull and I'd bet she doesn't speak fluent French anyways. "
 "I would be terrified of power lines."
 "Success"
 "Mark me impressed! "
 "Making scrambled eggs. Most people suck at them."
 "Call bullshit all you like, but every word is true."
 "Eradicating hunger."
 "Nobody did, especially the dirty Jewbags that poisoned the wells."
 "Because effort doesn't really mean anything.  If you try really hard but still suck at your job, you still suck at your job.  You're not benefiting the employer.    If you and I are on an assembly line together assembling vacuum cleaners or something and I work really hard and give my best effort but can only assemble 10 vacuums in an hour and you are really lazy and give only minimal effort but can still assemble 15 vacuums an hour you're still the best option for the company because your skills allow you to have higher production compared to the competition you face in the workforce and you could probably demand a higher wage."
 "*sigh*  Alright, let's get it over with. Where's the bed?"
 "Well there go my plans for the evening. "
 "My boyfriend waned to suck on mine and goes \"baby want milky!\" in  child voice and does this grabbing motion with his hands. I went totally Sahara. "
 "Big hands "
 "Everyone complains about all of what you just said, but they're really not all that bad. Once your done with them, you'll look back and wonder why you complained so hard."
 "It must be something specific to certain stores, then. I've worked in several stores in the DFW metro area as a GSTL and TM, and have never been told by our STL to do that, while it does make sense. I recently helped train a few new cashiers, and don't recall seeing that in the training manual (just instructions to be careful that all items are the same when using the quantity feature), so I'd imagine it's just something that's up to the STL or district manager.  Edit: That practice does make a lot of sense though. AFAIK, my store has never had any trouble with having proper stocks of items that the quantity key is used commonly for (cans, plastics, small seasonal items). Nonetheless I may talk to our STL and see if that's something that we might want to do.  "
 "It's okay! You don't need protein, anyway."
 "and here comes a dumbass-stereotype... Is there a REddit Gold for being a dumbass?"
 "Standing outside with a very special woman who I've been crazy about for a long time (although recently I've screwed that up) and seeing the reflections of the stars in her eyes.  I've never felt happier; however, that same memory makes me sick because I am certain she'll never look at me as anything more than just a casual friend again."
 "Uhhh...now that I've got the point of masturbating, I don't agree with that statement at all.  I think that masturbating is an excellent part of a healthy committed relationship."
 "How do the minimum wage earners in your area do it?"
 "I read it as ,\" Shania really has some beautiful tits\" I got to get my eyesight checked."
 "I took a semester off, went right back. "
 "I will not cuss at or around my son. He's 5. I think it sounds terrible when parents cuss at their little kids."
 "Position also matters a lot, some sex positions make for more or less cervix beating."
 "Yea, most of these sucks. "
 "I watch a lot of porn."
 "lawyers"
 "Gay Retard Teased"
 "I don't have dirty fingernails but i got some nasty rough ass worker's hands. Is that gross?"
 "Sign me up for the prehensile penis."
 "Yes a thousand times yes on both counts."
 "I was thinking more of a casual drinkers demographic but that works too "
 "Stop? I'm pretty sure i'd be saying that instead of never if someone started raping me"
 "You say, \"Well, let me know when it's over.\" It's as simple as that! "
 "I'm truly at a loss for what you mean by this"
 "People cannot pronounce \"FAFSA\" or \"chipotle\" to save their lives it seems."
 "I like this one. It reminds me of Dwight Schrute."
 "How much do you make a year?"
 "Communication is key in all relationships, and I think it is important to talk about these things with your partner and get your annoyances out in the open. Keeping lots of little things bottled up is not healthy and can only lead to resentment :("
 "Why would I want to live at home when sex with my gf is such a big issue? thank you again, Christianity "
 " #9cdfb439c7876e703e307864c9167a15 #b2d28ef83f2b78b798fc40f9ded46a5a "
 "Eating well, *moderate* exercise, proper sleeping schedule, no smoking/drinking/drugs, and try new things.  You will feel absolutely terrible if you have to change all of these at once (I should know) but at the end of the year you will be a new person and feel fucking amazing."
 "She probably wanted it in the first place."
 "Crazy bitches could flip your switch right before you kaboom to try and get pregnant..  *shudders*"
 "Let's have another!"
 "Can we please have gills along with lungs?"
 "I'm a psychiatric rehabilitation counselor and I make about $27,500 a year. I am directly responsible for the general well being and safety of 9 clients  with severe mental illness. It's a difficult and stressful job with little predictability and constant crises. I often don't have time for a lunch break. And by often, I mean that I had one lunch break the entire month of December. While I am making well over minimum wage, I still have a very hard time paying bills and still affording food and gas. I have zero savings and live paycheck to paycheck.  The main issue is that, working for a non-profit, they (supposedly) can't afford to pay us more. I get that it's a non-profit, but for a job that requires training, education, and experience, we really get shit pay.  All that said, HOW THE FUCK COULD ANYONE SURVIVE ON MINIMUM WAGE!?"
 "Wow, super one sided. Whats about having a minimum wage given by government. Price of the product would rise, but as all companies have to adapt, there would be the same conditions for every company. Actually coming from a country where this is the case, guess what: social stability, no working poor, safety net for people who fuck it up for a short time or in their youth (can happen to anyone)  which finally leads to a more equal wealth distributed society which then leads to less criminality and a imho mor enjoyable live and living environment. Probably i mssinterpreted your comment, but from my point of view it seems that you are not even considering this option as a possible way to do it. Lots of private economy facts in there but no people economy facts considered in your statement. Sorry for my bad english, no native speaker :)"
 "The power production from this would not be enough."
 "So brave."
 "My internet provider convinced me to purchase cable as a package that came out to less than just internet alone, so I took it. We never even plugged the cable boxes in. When the package was up, I tried to return them, and they didn't understand why I didn't want cable anymore. I tried to explain that it was due to the packaging price that I had it in the first place, but they didn't understand. They kept trying to offer me special channels and I was like no, just cancel the cable. I think it took me like 20 minutes to convince them to remove the cable from my bill.  They just couldn't understand that we use Netflix and Hulu for everything."
 "\"America sure does bail the other nations out a lot in times of crisis, that must be why the aliens target them first all the time!\""
 "\"Nevermore\""
 "I went to a Jack in the Box that had an automated cashier. It was way easier to deal with than some grumpy cashier that can't get half my order right."
 "Oh no, I won't make it that easy for you."
 "As yes real life Oblivion waiting"
 "Lose about 20 pounds. I know it probably won't work, but I really want to work at it."
 "It's SFW. Nothing too weird."
 "Be polite.  No one wants to help you if you are being angry and yelling.  You will get a lot further being nice to them.  The people on the other end of the call probably don't like their job, why should you make it any worse. "
 " Since you can't base pay on the first two variables (that'd be wage discrimination and therefore illegal), minimum wage is a fairly inefficient way to combat this issue.  It is, however, relatively easy to legislate and enforce. Economic efficiency has to be balanced against enforceability.  This would be a good point if incognito would have actually proposed the wage discrimination idea, but he gave two arguably much better (and enforceable) alternatives *in the following sentence*."
 "I don't know why I over-looked this. I always find myself playing sports outside with just my socks or going bare-foot while everyone else is wearing shoes. It's winter in Idaho which makes doing this hard now and gyms don't allow it, but I'll definitely look into barefoot style running shoes. Thanks!"
 "I needed this back in February."
 "How I feel about it *emotionally*:   It hurts to see people who were born rich take credit for being rich, because it really doesn't do justice to the millions of hours of labor that have been put into providing the capital that educated them, fed them, enabled them to make something or provide a service. Your nice clothes and nice cars belong to the peasants that grew, harvested, weaved, and sewed them and the engineers that mined, refined, and designed them. Your cities and roads belong to the slaves and immigrants who had zero choice in building them. Their sweat and pain went into making the capital you now inherit. You buy a product and benefit from that chain of supply. But don't do them a discredit by wasting the opportunity to reap what they sowed.   Emotional thoughts. I need to know more to know what I'd vote for, but that's how I feel."
 "Hopefully people are still posting, because maybe someone can find the link for me. I've never found it after seeing it initially.   Something along the lines of \"Studies show when girl doesn't respond to texts it's because she's having sex with another guy\""
 "My elbow is no crook!"
 "My wife was walked down the aisle by her dad to the tune of \"Bring Your Daughter To The Slaughter\" (her choice); I don't see how it can get any worse now."
 "Roseanne"
 "I tell them to never, -ever-, trust an Earth politician and, if they were smart, they should destroy us while they still have the chance or live to regret it.  Having said that, there are a few things we can do that are not totally fucked up, but we beg your indulgence for the inanity we call religion."
 "Neediness and jealousy. "
 "That's considered a scholarly citation."
 "You have four-wheel drive, not four-wheel stop."
 "Just try to be really nice to people until you get to the person who can solve your issue and then you behave like a total bastard."
 "Just magic yourself back to being 13..."
 "A man got his nipples removed and now they're stitched together. \\#nofear"
 "Problem with that approach is that you may well look exactly like a weak victim by being so obviously afraid and nervous. Confidence isn't a magic bubble but it helps a tonne in putting people off. Attackers want someone who won't put up a fight.  Are you familiar with anxiety disorders? I mean, unless you live somewhere terrible, this seems way OTT."
 "economics is pseudoscience anyway. People run the market according to what is tradition and assumed theory when the market is so fluid you need to employ people to study just tiny areas of it. To the point where it creates its OWN economy of study.  The idea that there is a RIGHT way of doing everything according to one unhindering principle is buncum. you need a clear goal based strategy and even then you're not going to get an objective answer  Hence why we see so much bloody disagreement and upright outrage when someone suggests trying something different."
 "[tipotle] for anyone wondering"
 "How I feel about it *emotionally*:   It hurts to see people who were born rich take credit for being rich, because it really doesn't do justice to the millions of hours of labor that have been put into providing the capital that educated them, fed them, enabled them to make something or provide a service. Your nice clothes and nice cars belong to the peasants that grew, harvested, weaved, and sewed them and the engineers that mined, refined, and designed them. Your cities and roads belong to the slaves and immigrants who had zero choice in building them. Their sweat and pain went into making the capital you now inherit. You buy a product and benefit from that chain of supply. Don't do them a discredit by wasting the opportunity to reap what they sowed.   Emotional thoughts. I need to know more to know what I'd vote for, but that's how I feel."
 "Do you want it to be different?"
 "Enjoy your gold."
 "I think you're getting some downvotes (at least when I responded) because even pro-choice people don't like even a hint of suggesting that people (particularly a specific group like the poor) should be encouraged to abort their kids.  I think the whole X versus Y number of kids thing brings up a tough issue when it comes to living wages.  I think many of us would agree that having 10 kids is not a Right and that it shouldn't be encouraged...   but how to do that without harming the innocent kids?  I know if you and I were in the exact same financial situation, and I had one kid while you irresponsibly had 5, and then one day you show up with the tax man and insist that I turn over my hard-earned savings for my kid to you, I'd be furious."
 "What defines a \"crippling\" addiction? Not just to narcotics but any substance."
 "Actually, your body is in a constant state of cancering. It's your immune system that helps keep it in check (that and a hormone that tells cells to die). What happens is that your immune system gets over ran, your cells mutate to not recognize the chemical \"suicide\" signal, or your immune system becomes deficient in either determining what's not a normal cell or becomes stunted in growth. Basically, your body is constantly fighting cancer, it's just that sometimes cancer gets the upper hand by means of nature or man made causes, and the body needs help in killing the part of you that doesn't want you dead, but can't help itself.  Source: AML survivor 16 months post bone marrow transplant. Fuck Cancer."
 "It is ridiculously pleasing to me that you, Internet Stranger, have deemed me sane.   I should maybe get out more. :)"
 "No prob.  I saw it,  and congrats on the loss! It's so tremendous, I wouldn't recognize you from one year ago. Good job."
 "Sloppy wet tongue down throat."
 " I try and look for the beauty in life  This worked for me too, although I probably wasn't going through classic depression at the time (it was more like anxiety, anger, and apathy that I attribute to closely following news - NSA spygrid revelations, Fukushima, and all the other monumentally bad news), and I wasn't even consciously looking for beauty but rather stumbled upon it, became inspired by it, captivated by it, the negative emotions went away and I had a newfound energy to do positive things. It was beautiful girl that did this to me but she's gone now, and the old negative symptoms are returning along with a new one I've never really experienced called anhedonia, which is the inability to experience pleasure from things previously considered pleasurable. Like, it's new years eve and I could give a rat's ass about socializing, although I do have a strong urge to binge drink. It's probably best summed up in the following quote from one of my favorite movies:  \"A beautiful girl can make you dizzy, like you've been drinking Jack and Coke all morning. She can make you feel high full of the single greatest commodity known to man - promise. Promise of a better day. Promise of a greater hope. Promise of a new tomorrow. This particular aura can be found in the gait of a beautiful girl. In her smile, in her soul, the way she makes every rotten little thing about life seem like it's going to be okay.\""
 "I'm from germany. Just take the proxy and watch it online."
 "alright, this makes sense and lines up with my dating experience pretty perfectly. Always nice to know from the girls perspective of things that im not completely fucking up or missing super obvious signals. Thank you anonymous redditor"
 "Australian here! Why hello there!  Mmm...big breakfast. Definitely need beans. Or lots of tomato sauce."
 "I'm not a hauter"
 "(_) ( _)- (_)  You need these more than I do."
 "Don't ask that question, I was enjoying my night god damn it!"
 "The Mother We Share - CHVRCHES "
 "And teen unemployment is abnormally high. This delayed entry into the workforce means less earned over one's lifetime. A first job is very important for getting people experienced enough to do more valued jobs later."
 "Fuck. Thats about it.  Pinkies up you guys!"
 "Imbecile.  Basically mean asshole."
 "Driving."
 "I once tried to hit on a cardboard cutout of a waitress at Hooters. I don't remember it, but my friends said I got irate because she wasn't talking back."
 " My father was actually the person who \"solved\" this.  Sure he was! No evidence, not real. "
 "I'd say.  Best of luck :p"
 "seeing a grown human who can't cook their own food is infuriating.  even the married women I work with can't really cook.  i'll bring something stupid like a pasta salad to a potluck and it might as well be witchcraft.  EDIT: also I think a lot of the issue is people do think it's rocket science.  paying too much attention to the details of the recipe instead of the overall idea.  Like \"I need to measure out 1/8 tsp of pepper\" no you don't just fucking put some pepper on it and it'll be fine."
 "Raise your bike seat higher."
 "Ridiculously convenient/cheap/fast travel methods."
 "nooo i dont want to smell your poop! yucky!"
 "Make a handful of phone-calls in hopes of getting some closure, and then try to deal with fate as best I can."
 "My husband has been pulling my hair out of his beard and ass for over a decade. I'm so proud."
 "I'm getting my permit soon and I'm terrified to start."
 "This thread was a happy one. "
 "Found the canadian!"
 "Excellent, good for you! A bit of unsolicited advice that worked for me after 15 years of smoking and trying to quit. Make sure you drink an absolute ton of water. It'll fullfill the craving, flush your system, and make you get up to pee every few hours as though you were going out to smoke. I drank a bottle or two an hour for a few weeks. At one point I realized I hadn't thought about smoking in a really long time and felt really great. Not only had I effectively quit, but I also cleansed my system. If you wipe out soda and crap food during these few weeks the side effects could also include weight loss (by a lot), mood changes, better sleep, clearer mind, and improved memory. These will help affirm how shitty cigarettes made you feel and keep you on track indefinitely. Good luck."
 "What's the issue with providing people with more options for remedies.  If you want to say lying about pharmaceutical products I'd agree 100%, but simply saying \"hey I have something here that I think you would like better than what you are currently using.\" I see no issue. "
 "But very, very unevenly."
 "I don't do any of these things. Yussss.  Can I get a stamp of approval?"
 "There is bye-laws for some of the universities in Ireland. One law is that a Trinity student is allowed one free glass of port before exams provided they are wearing their sword.  In Dublin if you are granted freedom of the city you can pasture your sheep on any publicly owned grassland in the city"
 "Guys, we have a winner."
 "I'll get a decent amount of it back when I file, but I'm actually too young to claim Earned Income Credit. I also won't get back the decent chunk that went to Medicare and Social Security. Either way it's a struggle to support myself."
 "Money can make some people happy, but others can't find happiness with money and money is not always necessary for happiness."
 "I think it's half and half. Personally as a woman, a guy being so cocky that he thinks he's god's gift to women is a huge turn off. Be buff and confident sure, but also try to be humble.  Man-scaping is understandable if you fear losing your SO in the jungle that is your body hair, but a nice beard and some chest hair (to me personally) is sexy. IMO completely removing your body hair seems like an odd thing to do; it's a lot of work and pain and in my experience is done by self confessed \"ladies men\" which falls under the cocky category. When you're with me I don't want to hear you constantly boasting about how all the ladies love you and how you could get anyone you want at anytime."
 "They also often work 60 to 80 hours a week too. My friend ran an electrical contracting business for several years, he made a lot of money but he also had to work like a fiend too."
 "International aid."
 "I suppose not, but religious people tend to believe we're the centre of the universe, so the effect I described would be exclusive to atheists.  Or I'm just bullshitting like Basil Fawlty to cover up my earlier mistakes."
 "Gyarados doesn't count"
 "So who gets to decide if you can reproduce or not?  A few old men in suits voting on what these \"tests\" are to consist of?  Who gets to make the tests?  Do you think someone else should be allowed to control your ability to reproduce based on what they think a person should know?"
 "When guys are super emotional, or clingy."
 "         wow                    such romance         much app                          wow"
 "Man, just don't open your mouth too wide. I hate that. Men open their jaws like anacondas going in for the kill. If my lips can't meet yours without dislocating my jaw, your mouth is open too wide. If you have a seal from my chin to my nose, your mouth is open too wide. If I am breaking away to gasp for breath, it's not because I'm swooning with desire, it's because I have claustrophobia and being sucked into the cave of your wide-open mouth is terrifying me.  Okay, I'll get downvotes for this because it's so bitchy, but I swear to God, so many men do this I'm like THIS IS NOT A CONTEST TO SEE WHOSE MOUTH CAN OPEN WIDER!! You win, okay?!  You win! Stop it!"
 "Look up ber man sleep schedule. Now you can waste less time sleeping on an inconvenient schedule!"
 "Why not learn a new language with some podcasts.  "
 "My word document diary just reached 100,000 words. Had to tell someone."
 "Nope hijo de puta is son of a whore"
 "The Mantis shrimp."
 "Not easily if its a mental switch."
 "*Cough* *Cough* Don't take my job, sir."
 "Yeah, its nose was unaffected."
 "Or, ask questions in general. When i was setting mine up I asked if there was anything I had to do for the fish since there was already so much I had to do in advance for a tank. They told me about that and I was off."
 "It slays me every time!"
 "Okay, poor grammar.  Hehe.  \"Being female, my joining in the group nudity was greatly appreciated.\"  This was when there were just over 200 women to about 6,000 men on the island.  We were all over 18, mostly healthy and somewhat fit, and \"unaccompanied\".  Effectively, everyone was single, adult, and relatively young.  On an isolated tropical island with little to do for entertainment.  Hot damn."
 "It's staggering how many if not most people have absolutely no idea how to use their emergency brake. They put the car in park, let go of the brake pedal, dropping the entire weight of the car on the transmission, then pull the e-brake.. thus accomplishing nothing by doing so"
 "I thought septic tanks were the most susceptible to shit fucking up. "
 "Listen to this guy. Flushable wipes are the shit."
 "keep calm and......"
 "NOT THE BEES!"
 "That doesn't make you better than them."
 "[Wash Your Face in Orange Juice] by Peter Combe."
 "because the simple fact of why we have a job in the first place.  people would not always choose to work these  jobs despite the fact they love the job.. they do it because they need to to survive."
 "\"Give it a bit of choke and it will start next time\""
 "Ahh! I see you don't prefer the Oxford comma."
 "Jon Ghost and his direwolf Snow"
 "\"I drove my car off a bridge\""
 "flibbertigibbet (not a curse word but sounds like it could be appropriated as one)"
 "the whole album basically"
 "Ah touch.  Can't say that reading this didn't make me just a little sad. "
 "Never had it."
 "It seems as though we are wired for total control, but processing power is centralized in a single location and all peripheral functions are being handled passively. Is there a way we can get access to total direct control functions for the autonomic systems? I'm not suggesting necessary, constant conscious control, but the ability to interact directly with them would be nice. Base the interaction style on the eyeblink model - it's a marvel of set-and-forget technology, a real benchmark. I find the breathing model a bit too hard to snap back into autonomic control after taking it over, so maybe err a little to the other side. Some highlights I'd like access to in the next update are:  * Immune response   * Hair growth   * Pigmentation (We need a real color palette, pref. CMYK or RGB?)   * Fat storage and metabolic function   * Stem cell access for disabled/damaged regions * Memory storage and retrieval   * Sensory input and processing   * Reflex generation and maintenance (custom macros would be ace here)      Also, I think our insistence on using only native-generated components is hopelessly archaic. There are a great deal of available upgrades we could acquire from external vendors which would greatly improve function and user satisfaction. For example, being able to add modules like chlorophyll or luciferin to the proposed \"pigmentation\" update would improve its usefulness tenfold. Actual structures (wings, spinnerets, exoskeletal/chitinous armor, improved perception of all sorts, natural weapons) will be more difficult to integrate properly, but let's be real here - it's all written in the same base code, and you're claiming to be the primary architect of that code. I'm sure you understand how the proposed changes would improve user satisfaction in nearly all circumstances, and moreover improve business on your end immensely.      Why don't you write up a proposal for required time (I hear your organization is renowned for their six-day projects) to completion, and we can start breaking it down and prioritizing from there? Have it on my desk after the holiday. Thanks."
 "I think the general idea of that saying is more like..  Don't work your life away chasing money instead of living in the moment, loving your friends and family, and taking time to appreciate what you actually have.   Of course money makes doing things easier. But if you spend your whole life chasing it, next thing you know you're on your deathbed having never really lived."
 "Your a big pussy for asking this question "
 " because no one knows how to organize.  You know who does know how to organize? Organized labor.   [Join a union, if you "
 "Just because you don't know [it's still going doesn't mean it isn't.   Notice how only the 'employee' gets punished, even though the company openly recruited from there.. Do you suppose the company has to pay the last pay-cheque to someone who's been deported? Or do you suppose the company calls immigration to 'catch bad guys' before payday?"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Did anyone end up completing their 2013 resolution? "
 "Judy, the stripper on whom I farted  You're very well articulated for a guy that farts on strippers."
 "HA the entire christian right? I can't link anybody because that would be a violation of their privacy.   Example 1: My rock and roll gym partner who is legit disabled (lost a leg in a MC crash) who depends on disability and sells pot for extra money. Parrots fox news talking points.  Example 2: Ex addict, union carpenter, die hard republican."
 "Yea, my friend co owns an ato shop. I dont know how much the owner makes but i know its a petty penny. I know that the techs are making around 20 USD/ hour, maybe more. I remember a couple threads on here where welders and this guy who laid asphalt down were clearing 100k. "
 "Americans take pride in being screwed and think everyone else should get screwed too. They like to use economic jargon that they do not understand to vindicate this retarded position.   Yes a living wage is possible. The evidence is all over the world. And no, a $1 rise in pay does not mean your precious big macs go up a dollar. "
 "That's awesome."
 "Understanding. Hands down."
 "Upvoted because it's true."
 "Then where did all the pump jockeys go? Why is it that at the jack in the box down the street I can order my burger up from a machine? If you raise the price of human labor, technology will replace it."
 "Why 24 hours? But Arabic because I'm Jewish."
 "For some reason, I'll never call anyone fat. They can be the biggest asshole, but I'll never make fun of their weight. It just feels wrong."
 "You betcha!"
 "[ her]( "I make just above the poverty line in my area and guess what, I did donate to local charities in my area. I don't have much but I will give some away to help those less fortunate because I have empathy. Which I used to think was inherent to all humans.  "
 "Says the guy with over 600k link Karma and 300k comment karma? That sweet, sweet Karma."
 "I did the job.  But that was in high school.  If you have any sort of intelligence in one of those places you are either a cashier or doing drive thru.  Because chances are you can somewhat interact with other human beings.  If you are of a lower intellect you are often cooking, which is usually just a matter of hitting buttons and moving the food, or a janitor.  That was the hierarchy of the different stores I worked at.    I didn't mean picky in a bad way.  I don't like lettuce on my burgers or sandwiches.  Just ruins the flavor for me.  But back to the task at hand.  It really is a tedious job.  And it's one that you are timed on every order how fast you get it out.  Sure they might have messed up your order but as far as corporate or the owners are concerned your burger got out in a timely manner.  So they really have a lot working against them.  Plus depending upon the establishment they could have hundreds of meals go through all day and only mess up such a small amount.  If they mess up just go up calmly and have them fix it.   It always surprised me when customers would yell about how important there time was not realizing if they just stfu, explained the situation, and waited they'd be in and out real quick.  It's usually the very next thing to get made.  "
 "A living wage pays all your reasonable expenses, and leaves a bit over for you to save.  That's my definition.   "
 "After attending a culinary program in college. I was blown away at how difficult making fucking eggs is. Yeah anyone can cook an egg, but to do it 'properly' was just fucking insane."
 "[I'm sorry butt that's not "i was in the grocery store not long ago and a woman was having trouble with her son (about 4 years old). he wouldn't come along in the store. she tried. he was being obstinate and starting to get loud. so she finally told him that they would have to leave. then he decided he didn't want to leave. (it was one of those moments) mom picked his tiny ass up and carried him out of the store. it was about this time that i was checking out and leaving. mom was standing outside with him. i guess this was the timeout. but she was explaining why they left and she was MORTIFIED by his behavior and making sure he knew it. she was on the verge of tears. i still regret not stopping to tell her she did the right thing. she probably needed to hear it. but she did what she told him she would do. so good on her."
 "This is some great advice! Now I just have to get a girlfriend... :("
 "A simple answer is if the job isn't paying a livable wage, then the product or service being produced is set at too low of a price. Raise the prices, raise the wages."
 "I am a bad judge of character."
 "Aaaand now my penis hurts"
 "After the cashier at your local grocery store finishes scanning everything, you do have to pay.  So while you're standing there with your thumb in your butt, maybe you could get your money ready **now** instead of waiting until everything is done being scanned."
 "Have an exit strategy. If things go south you need a way out. I dis-recommend their house in case they try to force her to stay. But you know them better than I. My wife and I had this same scenario 5 years ago and our daughter is the most amazing person. We have never regretted it. Congrats!"
 "Asshole tried to hook up with my 15 year old sister on her 15th birthday. He was 22. We had been friends for 15+ years."
 "Reminds of getting kicked out of class in high school for a dead kennedys patch that had a stick figure throwing swastika in the trash, people are stupid"
 "That's nice but not quite right. The walls of the vagina lie closed together, there is no air."
 "YOU'RE GONNA SMELL MY GODDAMN BUTT"
 "No that is good advice. ;-)"
 "I have OCD which has a pretty high genetic factor (quite often people with OCD have another first degree relative with the disorder)"
 "Getting off reddit."
 "Those damned missions in Infamous and Assassins Creed where you have to follow someone. I am a badass killing machine! WHY AM I FOLLOWING THEM? I will rip them limb from limb until they just tell me. They should be interrogation missions. Not creepy peeping tom high school crush missions."
 "My fellow Americans, ask not what your four hour erection can do for you - as what you can do for your four hour erection!"
 "so...much...pressure"
 "No"
 "I think it depends on whether they changed.  For instance, my husband doesn't call or text anyone, people always come find him.  This has never not been the case.  So it bothered me for a while, and I told him a couple times I wish he'd text me sometimes, but then I realized, this wasn't his problem, it was mine.  So I got over it.  If I want to talk to him, I will.  If I want to make him miss me, OK, but if we don't talk all day, I know that's my problem.  The fact that you say he forgets to call sounds like it isn't something he's ever wanted to do, but something she  wanted him to do, and seeing as how it's her SO and not her kid, she might just want to start realizing that's how he is and get over it."
 "Awesome."
 "Just try to remember that you broke up for a reason.  Don't let it interfere with your education. "
 " If you can't get her home on time then call me and let me know how your plans changed.  I agree with a lot of this but this seems just kind of sexist.  Your daughter can't call you herself to say she'll be late? "
 "That's uhh... You might want to get that checked out."
 "Fighter. Don't know when I found out. Always was that way. Had to be going up. "
 "It looks like you failed to ask a question in your title. Double check everything, including punctuation, and try posting again.   * **If you're wanting to tell a story or explain something, please try /r/Self.**  * **If you're needing advice of any kind, try /r/Answers or /r/needadvice**  * **If you're looking for something that has slipped your mind, try /r/TipOfMyTongue.**  Anything else not covered try one of the subreddits mentioned in our sidebar that better suits your needs.  If you need more clarification, or feel this was an error, please contact the mods and provide a link to this post, thanks!   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "A sad truth is that with every cure comes a new disease :/"
 "Sagging/lowering your jeans/pants "
 "It's called a sleeper hold"
 "Presenting in front of up to 5,000 people at a conference on the topic of Breaking Bad...I have a lot to live up to..."
 "Not potentiating your drugs or alcohol with synergistic substances. eg: it always seems like a waste to drink without benzos or other GABA agonists/analogues or visa versa. Also you really shouldn't be wasting any kind of opiates without some easy-to-get OTC stuff like pomethazine or diphenhydramine. Ooooh and when people waste their drugs by administering them via methods with low bioavailabilty (I'm not advocating IV/IM or plugging) but at least sublingual/insufflation if it's going to boost the effects by a sufficient amount.   "
 "Told friends about my crush. Made life a whole ton easier. Telling her is next. Let's go 2014!"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "[Here it the best revenge story Reddit has. "
 "better cyborg robot hands like from Ghost in the Shell"
 "In most areas of the US (that I'm aware of at least) there are both in existence, but really only the state in effect as it's usually higher. The Fed minimum should technically be equivalent to the lowest sustainable amount in the entire country, with the other 49 states having their own rates to match their needs. "
 "Bryce Dallas Howard"
 "Aus, keep left, right is for overtaking"
 "Fox news, and people that follow and believe it, think it has a lot to do with the rising standards of poverty. They're mad that poverty doesnt mean abject starvation and crushing conditions.   Market pricing aside, poverty means diffrrent things than it did in the past. In the 1930s, poverty maybe meant that you didnt have electricity. Poverty wages in the 1940s maybe meant you couldnt afford a car. In the 1950s maybe its no AC or central heat. Now even IN poverty you expect to have a cheap cell phone with no data, old beater car, health insursnce, ac/heat,  a tv of some sort so thst means flat screen hnless its 15 years old, and a host of technological advances that we DESERVE to have because our standards of what it means to be poor should always go up. Fox news and others misrepresent the situation and portrays everyone as a welfare queen with a iphone and a plasma tv. Old people have a hard time realizing that poor today isnt the same as being poor 30 or 50 years ago. \"How DARE you run the air conditioner / do something I couldnt do!\" Etc.  Our standards SHOULD evolve over time, but people have a hard time not realizing that the world changes around them. Ever get $5 from grandma for your burthday? Its that"
 "My height. There are not too many people who are my height. Also my ability to fluctuate between different skin tones. "
 "ha no, just with coworkers.  (and i work in an industry that's all dudes, and very very few attractive women)"
 "Oh."
 "Haha, I'm not *that* invested in our friendship. Besides, I've been trying to tell him to cut his hair for two months, haha."
 "In my pants tucked away safely near my balls."
 "Someone watched Finding Nemo."
 "\"Hey oppa look at me, just take a look at me it's the first time I've spoken like this.\"  ._.  "
 "Bruno"
 " told them if they didn't want to go there would be no repercussions.  So Canadian :P"
 "Still heathens."
 "Came here to post this"
 "Finally kissing my best friend of three years turned girlfriend. "
 "When they put up one near me (the only one in the area I know of), it was literally surrounded by corn fields.  I still think it was kind of a weird idea."
 "You're evil."
 "hahah omg! make me then poopy pants!"
 "I know firing someone for being gay, tall, black, etc. is illegal, but couldn't a boss just use an excuse to fire them like showing up late when really they were just being racist or homophobic?  How can you tell, is what I'm saying."
 "Dang 3: mountain dew and redvines?"
 "Maybe you *will* be getting all the girls with this line."
 "Well it's amazing! The feeling of having someone care for you... jk never had one."
 "Because the other scale itself has a mass and weight, so the extra weight you apply to the other side isn't enough to overwhelm it"
 "\"The man in black fled across the desert and the gunslinger followed.\""
 "Why do you have two tim-hortons \"bake shops\" on the same street? "
 "So basically you can't explain yourself?  "
 "But Cheney wouldn't make that list, nor either Bush? Or how about Reagan? You know about Iran-Contra, right?  Also, sure, maybe they were making weapons of mass destruction. But we **have** weapons of mass destruction. And to correct my earlier comment, they said Iraq *had* WMDs, which I'm *pretty* sure they did not."
 "Market pricing works right up until your local economy begins experiencing mass immigration from countries that experience, on average, a lower quality of life.   IF you live in a nation that is experiencing an influx of low quality of life immigrants it's probably a good idea to introduce a minimum wage because otherwise market pricing won't take effect due to these people accepting any job for any rate. They will pack themselves into apartments, sharing the cost of rent across 20 people in one domicile. The market price won't take effect because you are essentially splitting the cost of labour across multiple persons what used to account for one person, and the same goes for their outgoings, rent, cost of living etc.   TL;DR The quality of life in a market pricing environment will fall significantly if you are experiencing an influx of immigrants that are used to a lower quality of life. It's probably a good idea to encourage a minimum wage system in this kind of economy BEFORE immigration begins to significantly effect a perceived normal quality of life."
 "MY FUCKING LITTLE SNOWFLAKE IS VERY FUCKING SENSITIVE AND IF YOU DON'T RSVP IMMEDIATELY I'M GOING TO POST A PASSIVE-AGRESSIVE STATUS ABOUT YOUR PARENTS ON FACEBOOK. SO HELP ME GOD."
 "RSPCA because British kitties."
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "I get what your saying, but doesn't it create a devolving cycle of talented students going into their respective majors that truly won't have any employment options outside teaching others? Don't take this as me trying to offend these people, but it just creates individuals who produce nothing of monetary value. Its hard to survive and they need to look objectively at their future. But hey, thats my opinion. Happy New Years.  "
 "Who gets angry?"
 "Dew all the way brother."
 "I am happier, I have a straighter idea on what my hobbies are, and I know how to keep myself lookin' *fantastic*."
 "I found a mountain lion! Nope it's a rock"
 "LTV is complete bullshit. You don't deserve anything just for expending effort. You have to produce something of value, and then you get compensated commensurate with the amount of value."
 "o-o  I thought all users who post to one of the /r/unitedkingdom subreddits were just banned from every NSFW subreddit in existence. Huh. Doesn't everyone use /r/news and /r/todayilearned for their daily edumication? "
 "McCuntface"
 "A beautiful scenery somewhere.  I used to run a lot and people always said to me that I should get a membership card from this local gym. No thanks. I like to see trees and birds, breath fresh air, and enjoy my space away from people."
 "Russian is a Slavic language. Romance languages are Spanish, French, Italian, etc. "
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "You make it sound like it's easy to just go find a high paying job. Yeah, I'm sure all those people working minimum wage can just go to college next september with all the money they've been making with their minimum wage job. Oh wait...  You get stuck in a minimum wage job, and it's extremely difficult to almost impossible to get out, depending on what else is going on with your life at the time. "
 "Yea I had a sty for a while, took quite a while to go away"
 "Sucking dicks"
 "I think I'll start packing spare clothing in my carry-on.   One time my wife and son (1 1/2 at the time) were on a short flight (2hours). We were sitting somewhere in the middle of a 737. My wife takes my son to the front lavatory to change his diaper. 5 minutes go by ... 10 minutes go by and i think something is wrong and i better check on them. I just wanted to get up when the lavatory door flies open and my wife comes out holding our now naked son (except for his diaper) with stretched arms and runs down the isle towards me. about half way between the front and our row she shouts \"oh my god theres is poop everywhere\" ... everyone just looked at her in disbelief including me. She hands me our son and heads back to the lavatory. Fortunately our son was clean :) I dressed him in his spare stuff and waited for my wife to come back. She told me that when she got the diaper off he started kicking so hard he kicked the full diaper right at the wall and it started flying everywhere. She then cleaned him and brought him to me before trying to salvage the lavatory. She said she did a good job but no one after used the front toilet. I wonder why ... people gave us funny looks after we got off the plane. But sometimes theres is just nothing you can do. We always try not to bother anyone with our kid but this time it didn't work out.   "
 "Just one?"
 "yeah that shit was sketchy when I was 12 and it was a Friday night. "
 "If it is any consolation, I am at work and my wife is at a party!  "
 "Depends on what part of 7th grade. If the beginning, not get suspended. If the end, probably get caught up with popular shows/future popular shows."
 "Listen. It's so simple and you'll go places you've never been, nor will ever be. But then you will be..."
 "This one for sure.. I 'm working on a cotton farm in the middle of nowhere of Australia and there is fuck all to do here.. So the evening was spent drinking cider, watching a movie and sleeping.. Didn't even bother to check if it was 24:00 already. "
 "I'm a bit of a deviant though, I can only get turned on when I put a golf tee inside my urethra.  It's a bit of a sore subject, thanks for making me harshly reflect on my deviant reality. "
 "Good, because I don't have a way either."
 "I refuse to use self-checkouts because the company is not giving me a discount AND not paying their employees more, for me to do the work.  "
 "Honestly, I don't really mess with mine all that much."
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Amen. In the end you resent them and you don't get your own needs met. Everybody loses. "
 "Before taxes, working 40 every week a minimum wage job pays $15,080 a year. That is it. I cold make my house payments for 6 month on that amount of money"
 "Awesome thanks a lot!"
 "Wow, send me an invite!"
 "Thank you... just thank you man/lady. You made my friggin new years with this one."
 "Are you a cop?"
 "I actually watched this on a first date with a girl that was a fan of the cartoons like me and we just laughed at how bad the movie was. "
 "I'm lucky to have a friend who is just as passionated about the same things like me and we litteraly can talk hours and hours about it!"
 "There are some people who make minimum wage working two jobs just to buy the essentials. These working poor are literally one pay away from disaster.  People like this cannot afford to save. Sadly, there are far more people like this.  This isn't to say people don't blow a lot of money they shouldn't on stuff that is useless. I guess the reason I replied is because I've been and seen the working poor. "
 "I want our arseholes to be weaponized, please. "
 "Lets hope he doesn't go to hall and have to face satin."
 " I don't see why this is so hard to understand.  It's hard to understand in an economy in which people other than teenagers are forced to take these jobs because nothing better is available. This shouldn't even need to be explained, but no one is crying over 16 year-olds. These points are obvious and I would sort of expect a person with an economics background not to gloss over them. You're either being obtuse or disingenuous or both."
 "Didn't use the word literally once in that post. Definitely not Chris Traeger."
 "Thanks Ghostcrawler."
 "Nanotechnology that automatically uses blueprints to more or less instantly fix any problems. Even lost limbs.  The ability to turn off pain and replace it with warning messages."
 "I want to know why you're filling it with *that many* pillows. "
 "So you'll have been sick since last year?"
 "I don't mind the pot, its the smoking. The brownies and shit are fine!"
 "To be fair, his estimated rent is extremely low unless you have roommates."
 "everything is fair in love and war"
 "I'm trying to learn it at the moment. :("
 "Because the other side is pushing down.  It **shouldn't** go all the way down, then it wouldn't be weighing things"
 "It is just great, until your wife finds out..."
 "My father in law always insists there is an elephant under his chair."
 "The easy access is already illegal.  Getting a gun requires a background check and concealed carry you have to go through the courts.  To get higher grade weapons you actually need to pay a tax and wait months for the government OK. "
 "Heh"
 "That'll leave a mark. "
 "If you haven't seen it, the BBC series Sherlock is on Netflix, and it's fantastic."
 "I love how the driver doesn't stop."
 "I can't ask.. it's too inappropriate."
 "Stop downvoting my comments cause you a scared bitch. "
 "You will someday! "
 "No problem, it was a pleasure getting there. :) Happy new year!   We have to remember to never underestimate people, even if that's hard sometimes. Knowledge is a beautiful sort of power (which can now be represented with electricity ... woah) but many people have lost sight of that due to a host of issues. The best thing we can do as humans who strive to be intelligent is to constantly improve our own knowledge and spread the love for this knowledge to those around us to the best of our ability."
 "KOTOR"
 "You don't have kids, do you?"
 "If there's a family on tv I'd be part of its the duggers.  For every way they're different and not normal there's genuine love and kindness.  I'll take cameras for a few months for the love they have."
 "What do you pplan on watching?"
 "I've always found it interesting how people can insert \"fucking\" into a lot of English words, as in \"Fan-fucking-tastic\" and is a blog post from a professor at the University of British Columbia discussing it."
 " hat profit is why they are still in business, do you really think they will sacrifice that profit just to increase pay?  they will when we rase the federal minimum wage to an acceptable \"living wage\" level linked to CPI. This should not be a race to the bottom.   Or do you think they will raise prices and pass that cost along to the consumers? Or do you think if they are required to pay people more they may just cut back the size of the work force?  They will obviously try to raise prices to pass costs to consumer BUT they have to deal with competition and the law of diminishing returns. They may cut back work force but that is appropriate, ok, and consistent with their current strategy of only hiring the bare minimum that is needed.  that's why people invest in those companies, the less profit they make the less people will invest, unless you know of a way to fundamentally change how people invest.  do you need more people to invest in mcdonalds at this point? Besides if we change the game for everyone the margins decrease but ultimately there is profit to be made. I for one, think we would benefit by less egregious margins in the finance market. Besides...ultimately a consumer economy needs consumers and we are slowly sucking that away. The best thing for the economy is a large middle class with expendable income."
 "I cried in front of my class while reading this book.   ._. "
 " You're meant to  Tell what page this is in the manual."
 "I really like ComicVine. It's absolutely wonderful for people who like comics obviously, its not very well known. The people there are friendly and all that good stuff.  Most importantly, there is a fantastic RPG forum there. Complete creative freedom, theres not a lot of people so its not confusing, and you can do whatever you want. I RP on there all the time, and if ANYONE reading this wants to try RP'ing on there, please feel free to message me. :)"
 "See ya around. "
 "Date Ideas +"
 "I was not aware Yeezus was on Reddit."
 "Take care of your fucking teeth."
 "Well aren't you a little ray of sunshine.  I feel sorry for anybody that makes it to adulthood without having ever experimented with how to make a boiled egg. I suppose you would also like instructions on toilet paper to tell you how many times and with what intensity to wipe your ass? There are some things that you need to learn by doing. Making something as simple as boiled eggs is one of those things."
 "Even worse I thought jumping in the shower would help..it didnt"
 "BeCouply is coming out soon."
 "I still don't understand why we don't learn more knots in elementary school..."
 "Yep, sorry for the confusion. "
 "Wife for sex. Plane to leave island. Food."
 "Nope.  Guess im paying for two weddings."
 "I've shown this to so many people and a handful of them don't understand it's *not* actually about bears. The satire aspect of it goes right over their heads and that makes me a little sad."
 "TO UPGRADE INTO CYBERMEN"
 "Slaughterhouse Five so I could choose the best moments of my life and live in them always."
 "Never expect someone to be into you just because you poured a lot of love and favors into them. If she wants to stay your friend, she just wants to stay your friend. Not all that much you can do about it."
 "Wow the human race was all white with the exception of drug dealers, gangsters and rappers!     Oh and wtf is a Madea?"
 "It does, but it's not the only contributing factor. Since there are numerous outside influences on inflation and they can't all be reasonably worked with adjusting minimums to match (but not exceed) the rate of inflation would be an appropriate response."
 "Some good ol' laser beams on my shoulders"
 "Not the response I was hoping for, but"
 "They would argue that they would lose their jobs altogether if minimum wage is raised.   Perhaps, just perhaps they've been sold that argument by management/their bosses for a long, long time."
 "My name isn't Mark, and why the hell are you talking like Tarzan"
 "I touristed in DC also this past summer but to be honest, even in Belgium where I've lived for at least 10 years, they do this on all escalators and moving walkways. Seems like common courtesy to me, not just a location particular thing."
 "So wait...  Is this why dwarven halls, doors and what not so big? They were giant miners that started to run out of room and began to shrink at the mercy of their god(s)?"
 "This is a complaint I seldom hear men complain about their girlfriends. "
 "Okay, let's do the math. 20k is about 1,665 a month. Say you live somewhere where the cheapest place available is $1,000. Yes, those places exist. Where I'm from that might get you a crummy basement studio, and I'm not even from anywhere wealthy.  Okay, so rent is 1,000. That doesn't include utilities, so let's say you pay $200 a month for electricity, gas, water, and trash. We're at $1,200 now. Add another $100 for gas to get to and from work, and another $100 for car insurance. 1,400, getting close. Average food cost in the US for one person is around $300 a month. Better hope you don't have a kid, because you can't afford to feed yourself now. Without any frills, without a phone, and if you have an emergency, you're fucked.  Would suddenly making wages higher cause some problems? Sure. However, that doesn't mean changes don't have to be made."
 "[Kate and [Miranda "If it has to do with justice, I fight. If it has to do with romance, man, I flee like a terrified rat on a sinking ship"
 "He wasn't   So maybe you should edit and add your sources.  Obviously, lack of meat eating causes you to become a genocidal maniac.  This of course is major BS. Every person that uses this line of reasoning should be rounded up and ... oh."
 "Nothing special, kept working and always looked for better opportunities (I was bagging groceries for $5.15 an hour when I was 20) I moved jobs quite a few times with the goal of gaining management experience.   Took me 7 years but I finished my undergraduate degree and found a corporate job which has paid for me to go back and get my MBA.   It wasn't quick or easy but I now have a well paying job and was able to move up. Just keep moving forward.  "
 "Life. "
 "You're probably wrong, you must mean the Germans. "
 "Well, I meant that it completely, 100% defeats cancer.   And yea, fuck cancer. "
 " It isn't just, given the abundance our society enjoys  This is the part that pisses me off. I have friends that drive $50,000 cars and bitch like crazy about how the poor are robbing them. "
 "or altrenativley did u smell/see what that asswhole said (cos they may hav  sharted ;)"
 "How many people do you see doing this wrong?"
 "Yea sorry im just too lazy to get a link. Besides I dont know how to write text and make it into a link. "
 "Ah, a Yankee swap."
 "I used to travel often through a town with a very high elderly population. One morning, at rush hour.... yes, you guessed it, an Oldsmobile driving the *wrong way* around the roundabout. A very, very confused looking man was at the wheel and a somehow even more distraught woman in the passenger seat. Combined age at least 170.  This was a big roundabout and busy at rush hour, and everyone simply came to a halt. *Everyone.* Nobody honked. We all just stared as he went around and around, before finally turning off at one of the exits. Amazing."
 "I hear that. What kills me is the guy who has to take a break every thirty seconds to check up on your progress, like you're filling a power meter in a game.  \"Did you cum yet?\"  \"How about now?\"  \"Did that get you?\"  \"Are you going to cum soon?\"  \"Was that an orgasm?\"  Jesus."
 "When I made the comment I had in mind a physical switch, like a fleshy light switch.   I also thought that would be dangerous, bumping into walls and all of a sudden being fertile and shit."
 "[Annie "I really need good luck this year- in 2013, my mom died of cancer,  my childhood home burned down to the ground,  both of my dogs had to be put down within 48 hrs of each other, and a co-worker committed suicide (I had to clean his desk and take over his duties). .... what things can I do to bring luck in for 2014???"
 "But you don't need to disclose it and it doesn't show up on a background check.  So...okay."
 "This one should have more upvotes!"
 "It looks like you failed to ask a question in your title. Double check everything, including punctuation, and try posting again.   * **If you're wanting to tell a story or explain something, please try /r/Self.**  * **If you're needing advice of any kind, try /r/Answers or /r/needadvice**  * **If you're looking for something that has slipped your mind, try /r/TipOfMyTongue.**  Anything else not covered try one of the subreddits mentioned in our sidebar that better suits your needs.  If you need more clarification, or feel this was an error, please contact the mods and provide a link to this post, thanks!   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "yeah i just to with my bf! "
 "I'm not strong enough :("
 "Real: perpetually  Not exactly real: Tikki Tikki Tembo-no Sa Rembo-chari Bari Ruchi-pip Peri Pembo"
 "There's not really any air up there, the walls of a vagina are closed when nothing is poking up there. It's also quite muscular, which is why it can be tight and uncomfortable if a woman isn't relaxed and turned on for sex.  The labia also add a lot of protection from things getting up there unintentionally."
 "Girls who yell help or stop during normal situations. Not trying to be funny, this is real. She playfully hits you, so you playfully tickle her sides... She fucking screams. Yeah I'm out, cunt."
 "GUIDO MUTHAFUCKA. A bunch of idgets dancing around the same subject."
 "Yes!!! I'm a nurse working in Canada, plus my girlfriend is from the Philippines. It be a great asset, also wanna know if there's shit talking going on"
 "They have that. "
 "Oregon State University.  Close to the coast and Cascade Mountain Range, so many outdoor activities. Great research institution and has quality food science, engineering, and other programs I am ignorantly forgetting."
 "Well I'm sure it wasnt an accident, good employees are just as important as a good boss! "
 "What about Junkyard Wars?  "
 "It's just too aggressive in my opinion. It's like \"HEY EVERYONE, LOOK AT ME, I AM IN MY FERTILE PHASE!! *SMACK* *SMACK* *SMACK*\""
 "People who say they want to have a relationship with you but won't make any time.  Was talking to this girl who was really into me and said she wanted to spend time, get to know me, etc. but every time I tried to make plans or even took a night off work to hang out she just made up some excuse."
 "I wrote a solid second draft of the novel I'm hoping to sell in 2014. It's not done yet, but at least I have *some* hope that I can make it as a published author now."
 "Transformers..Only went because there was nothing else on at the time me and bf went. Took about 2 hours to make me walk."
 "Wow.... I'm.. sorry?"
 "www.playr.org/games  Is also amazing"
 "Replace all bones and teeth with carbon nanotubes.  Skin should be impervious.  Testicles on the inside."
 "Wanna be my friend?"
 "I WAS LIKE SAYING \"BUTT\" (?)"
 "luggage carousel at the air port. everyone take ONE big step back and we can all see our luggage and grab it when it comes. Everyone dry humping the ramp is only making it impossible for everyone else.  infuriating.  "
 " When they're not concerned that you dont have a condom..red flag boys  said the Amish Grinder"
 "It's not so much an issue of mathematics but rather an issue of the capitalist system.  In a capitalist system, the price a person pays for a good is $material + $labor + profit (a fact that we are all familiar with.) We can control the value of each component to a certain degree of freedom. Profit is entirely up to the person owning the business. Material cost is not quite as flexible but we can bargain with suppliers, look for cheaper alternatives, etc. The gray area is labor cost.  The labor cost of producing a good is really the socially accepted cost of production. If we, as a whole, won't buy burgers and fries that are below a certain cost, then the fast food place will have to cut prices. The owner can only do so much about material cost and he must have profit as an incentive to stay in business so the place to cut would be labor. Society's demand for cheap fast food has translated to lower wages for the burger flipper.  But that's in a purely capitalistic economy. Of course, we live in a mixed economy. Minimum wage is not a capitalistic concept. It's a rule that as a society we agreed upon. So /u/saucisse_en_croute is right in saying the question is wrong. Raising the minimum wage is a moral/ethical concern with *economic* effects, something that I have no idea where to start with.  Edit 1: I should mention that I think that the national minimum wage should be enough to be above the national poverty line and the state minimum wage above the state poverty line. How much, I have no idea. Also, Adam Smith anticipated the moral dimension to capitalist thought by stating that we should have compassion for others, so there's that."
 "I was snowboarding and on top of a box, and I fell back. As I was falling I knew it wasn't going to end well. I hit the ground head first and blacked out. I ended up getting a concussion. I can't imagine what could have happened if I wasn't wearing a helmet.   Always wear a helmet kids. "
 "Generally, to many countries outside of the US, American foreign policy means aggression, murder, oppression, or the propping up of puppet leaders."
 "Lines were blurred"
 "I can't comment in this thread cause I don't got money to pay with *wait... oh shit*"
 "I'm raising a child that won't be a little jerk, or menace to society."
 "Why?"
 "**THAT'S MY FATHER UP THERE, SO I DON'T WANT TO HEAR I HOPE SO**  never fails."
 "\"Consider you lucky, last time I released some gas everyone died\""
 "Probably doesn't apply to many people but when people say Staph epididymis instead of epidermidis. Your epididymis is in your balls man!"
 "When I started learning Russian I was majoring in Economics and was focusing on the petrochemical industry. "
 "Spiderman 2.  Action scenes were filmed where I live, and I saw a bunch of the filming."
 "The level in sonic adventure 2 where you are Rouge the bat in the bank vaults. As a child I flipped out with frustration."
 "I worked at McDonalds and You dont need to be 16, i couldve done it when i was 9 which is when i started wanting a job so i could buy video games. Half if that shit is automated, youre simply there for the starting and finishing the task. "
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Haha I wish I could :)"
 "is that a new one?"
 "2009 - Yacht Party. Out of some other pretty eventful NYEs, none of them come close to the Yacht Party.  Honorable mention to 2007, when my friend hired strippers for his (sausage) party and one of them gave me a five star slurpjob for like $20 worth of blow."
 "."
 "i wouldnt"
 "TL;DR: Girls should stop caring about celebrities and find some actual interests. "
 "hi every1 im new!!!!!!! holds up spork my name is katy but u can call me t3h PeNgU1N oF d00m!!!!!!!! lolas u can see im very random!!!! thats why i came here, 2 meet random ppl like me _ im 13 years old (im mature 4 my age tho!!) i like 2 watch invader zim w/ my girlfreind (im bi if u dont like it deal w/it) its our favorite tv show!!! bcuz its SOOOO random!!!! shes random 2 of course but i want 2 meet more random ppl =) like they say the more the merrier!!!! lolneways i hope 2 make alot of freinds here so give me lots of commentses!!!! DOOOOOMMMM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! &lt;--- me bein random again _^ hehetoodles!!!!!  love and waffles,  t3h PeNgU1N oF d00m"
 "Not if they set exemptions correctly."
 "I loved Jedi Knight II: Jedi Outcast, though I thought some of the puzzles were unreasonably difficult. Still, the game play and combat were really excellent, especially for its time."
 "Very helpful!"
 "I drive an '89 Honda civic wagon with three different paint colors. There's nothing I won't do."
 "Yeah, I agree.  Fuck those people, they dont deserve food."
 "I'm on the shit end of it right now. I broke up with a girl I loved more than anything because no matter how hard I tried, I just couldn't make it work. We always argued. I tried for 6 months to make it work. And thought that by putting it off I was giving us a chance to fix things. It just made it worse. "
 "Like the  Such a simple idea!  But good luck finding a government to sponsor it :("
 "That's why they gave me this iPhone to reddit at work, I presume. "
 "A friend of mine called that noise a \"blarf\". It's stuck with me, so now when my cat makes that noise I reply by saying \"blarf\" right back at her. Good times."
 "KotOR. cause.. well freaking play it it's 12years old now. once you play it then it's obvious. best star wars game ever."
 "\"Kill people, burn shit, fuck "Have you tried Memrise? There are some decent courses to help with basic vocabulary, Quranic and MSA. "
 "Spanish. My job deals with a LOT of Spanish customers and I don't speak a word of the language.  Having a 3 year old translate gets old "
 "Being able to completely support each other, no matter what. Caring about them at least as much as you care about yourself. Being able to trust each other completely, and respecting that trust."
 "That's really awesome! Hopefully that spreads."
 "Explains why we call you Mass-holes"
 "Yeah, I'd go ahead and say the fact that she was playing with his dick while he was asleep is consent. But I guess I'm just a sexist asshole..."
 "I haven't played many but Battlefront II is one of my favorite games ever"
 "Tying shoes.  [Here's a This is not the same vid I learned this method from, but it's the same method regardless. (The people are a bit more annoying in this video.)"
 "\"I have to go check on the kitties to see if they're as thirsty as I am.\"  He then ran away and passed out at the top of the stairs.   It was 100x funnier because we were all drunk off our heads. "
 "I think parenting is hard for those that aren't willing to face the reality that their life has to significantly change focus.  I think it's probably better stated that parenting doesn't *need* to be hard. Once you accept the responsibility that raising a child is now permanently part of your life and that everything must come second to that, it's not *hard* - it just *is*.  Sadly there's a lot of parents out there still trying to relive their own childhood with their children."
 "I always try to be sarcastic but I look to serious to pull it off. Like if I sarcastically pretend to be offended by something people will really think my feelings are hurt and then I'm stood there feeling like an idiot who was just trying to make a joke..."
 "I didn't even say what spanks do to a person.  I simply stated that I was threatened with them for bad behavior.  The guy just threw out two random studies that had nothing to do with the corresponding discussion of the thread."
 "Use your toes "
 "Someone likes it wet;)"
 "I didn't know you speak letters.   Let's pretend that writing didn't exist for a split second. Why would it matter if you inserted a velar plosive /k/? It's not as though we import vocabulary and keep a particular pronunciation all the time. Take \"karaoke\", \"McDonalds\", or \"strudel\" for example. Pronunciation shifts all the time, and some people regularize words they encounter.   "
 "I know someone who was just recruited by the CIA.  I don't know how well it pays, but you do have to live nearby to the HQ in Virgina (near DC), which is kind of a bummer. (we used to have a DnD circle in Texas)  The person forewarned me that I might be contacted for a call asking about my knowledge of my friend.  I either didn't get this call or I missed it.  It sounds very much like getting hired for Apple, Inc, where I used to work with her husband, so I wasn't too miffed.  That's basically all I know about it."
 "I'm giggling too hard to explain to my wife what I'm giggling at.  edit: my stomach hurts from laughing, please help"
 "I don't care if you are not the smartest girl out there, *up to some degree*."
 "Interstellar"
 "Pay is based on trading.  A person's time is traded for currency and thus you have consenting adults coming to an agreement. "
 "Actually it's argument from the ass. It may be my new favorite user name. "
 "I have a future, I'm still young.  I'm a good leader too, if many people get removed, we may need new ones soon."
 "Or the Codex Seraphinianus.  Pretty sure the artist said it's not translatable, though."
 "No, it's not. Not if their employees cannot survive. That's not logical or moral."
 "The Foreign American Dream. That ones kids must live better than you. What if your kid WANTS to be a hooker. It's a necessary job!"
 "Green people everywhere!  Also, I always mix up chlorophyl and chloroform, so this was kinda confusing to me."
 "To Arms!"
 "Nope a partly it was the same 'drug' just one was brand name the other wasn't.   I wish the no name worked it would be less constantly.  "
 "Let's call \"high\" 119,000 USD annually.  Living in rural Texas.  I am a professor of electrical engineering.  I advance technology through my research at a top engineering institution. Whoop!"
 "Inspector Gadget. Go go gadget shotgun"
 "Thought I read something recently that said that if you wipe more than four times on average per poop, then you are at a higher risk of colon cancer. "
 "haha, well then im not, im sure you are strong enough.... wait im pretty strong too. this may be a tough fight!"
 "Was 25 Flying to seattle. Hit massive turbulence. I'm a terrible flyer as it is. In the middle seat between girlfriend and large biker looking dude.  Turbulence ends, coming back to reality, realize I am gripping the armrest on one side and the bikers hand on the other side. He didn't even say anything about it hahaha. I just let go of his hand and breathed a sigh of relief.  Tldr: biker guy let me a guy, hold his hand for a few minutes while I thought the plane was going down."
 "1st black of course and healthcare being one of the biggest debacles in modern history."
 "You mean speed up regeneration?"
 "Fighter. I approach people I have a issue with before stuff gets worse."
 "hopefully my gender "
 "Belgium!"
 "Buddhism: \"we got this\""
 "Also what a lot of people don't realize is that your cost to an employer is significantly more than your salary. I would be ecstatic if I could just 1099 everyone, but I can't.  I have to match a part of your taxes. I have to pay for worker's compensation insurance for you. With ObamaCare I have to pay for some of your health insurance. There's also time off and sick days I would have to offer. If you do the math, even hiring you full time at $10/hr, you might take home around $20k, but $30k came out of my pocket.   Increasing everyone from $7/hr to $15/hr would make the cost of having an employee go up from around $20k a year to almost $45k/yr. If you have five employees that's an extra $125k a year, for a small business, that's deadly. Then we will really have mega corps taking over"
 "Also, it's too cold. I'm walking through -30 degree temperatures to pay a $500 heating bill. Bullshit!"
 "I don't know why, but babies and kids absolutely love me. Everywhere I go, I interact with babies (must be that I have a funny face). It makes you look good in front of girls though. Thank you for being that guy!"
 "It is an expensive vacation, even if you go minimalist.  I'm lucky, my husband's work allows us to go every year; we have the infrastructure and transportation set.  13 years in a row so far.  The event has influenced what vehicles we buy!  Regionals can be terrific too though, just that the big burn is unlike anything else.   Our regional is Element 11, in Utah.  Pretty darn good one.  "
 "Flowers, I think."
 "If you're interested in music I'd love to give some pointers! *  Generally you should experience playing an instrument before composing. You'll get a better idea of rhythm, tempo, melodies etc. *  When picking an instrument you would like to learn, decide by the sound they make, the type of music they play (If you like Jazz you should consider trumpets or saxophones, not a harp for example. Don't pick an instrument because it's easy, or because it's cheap. You won't be as passionate and won't put in the time dedication needed.  *  Time dedication. On average 30 minutes a day is the 'recommended' amount for good, steady progress on any instrument. There will definitely be days where you don't want to pick up your instrument and play. It helps if you genuinely like hearing your instrument and playing it.   *   Find a good teacher. It seems like a good alternative to just learn by reading books or using a CD. You will have questions and begin to question your technique. That's where a teacher can correct any problems you have, and they will always lead you to making better music."
 "Ok, so minimum wage jobs are for teenagers and decent paying jobs require skill. What exactly is an unskilled adult supposed to do to maybe not starve to death?"
 " By the way, we also think it's rude to text or otherwise stare into your smartphone during face-to-face conversations or while sharing a meal with someone (this is coming from someone who is fully immersed in today's technology but also can discern between right time / wrong time).  This is not some 'Millenials' thing.  This is an everyone thing now.  Don't blame our generation, and on that note maybe we don't care if you guys think some outdated sexist traditions are important to 'people of your generation?'  A lot of your post was spot on but you just went off into generational bashing bullshit at the end."
 "Haha, I'm glad! :)  Find a nice balance between getting out more and staying home in supersoft PJs, and you'll be all set!"
 "\"Where are people that have seen instances where hard work =/= success? Sometimes circumstances don't prevail for everyone \"  In my case. Throughout my whole working life I've busted my ass. Full time job, I do doubles, set up sales, fix everything that needs to be fixed. No appreciation no raise, no promotion.  I've gone through only two jobs and have been with one place on and off for over a decade. Instead the manager says I'm unmotivated despite everyone telling her otherwise. The one person causing the most problems where I work is getting promoted. So, I'm getting paid minimum wage regardless of what I do.  When I initially left, I was head of all departments. Never became anything higher because I didn't smile a lot. Now it's other bullshit.  So, no, hard work doesn't equal success. But fur the one working hard. I'm sure my company has benefited a lot from my work."
 "If it ain't Dutch, it ain't much"
 "Some people are squirrel-handed."
 "When people play 'the game' of ignoring/not following through with plans. Instant turn off."
 "Stay strong! The first day is easy. The second day you might have headaches, slight fever, but don't give in. After that it's a piece of cake. Everyone is a little bit different so your mileage may vary but in my experience the first two days are the worst, it gets better after that."
 "Drinking your own piss"
 "Fils de pute or any other foreign curse words. Swearing in another language has always seemed ridiculously fancy to me."
 "I guess this is what I don't understand. If gravity is being applied equally to both ends of the scale then in my head even the slightest of differences should cause the scale to fully tilt. "
 "learn how to save it and spend it wisely."
 "Not me but a friend. She walked into The Body Shop in Toronto, Canada and saw Robin Williams buying hand lotions.  Happy cakeday BTW, OP."
 "Despite the constant complaining, the fact is most people are competent drivers - well, competent enough to not hit other things.  If drivers were as bad as people complain about, there would be about 100x more accidents everyday."
 "This might be stated below - not sure. I remember reading about this years ago when I got fed up with seeing/hearing this line as well.   Yes, the correct use of the sentiment is 'couldn't care less' (unless you DO actually care about it), however the phrase 'could care less' is apparently a contraction of some old marketing campaign from the US (like I said, read it a long time ago) which if you say the whole thing means the same as the negative sentiment, its just that over the years it got shorter and most people don't realise where it came from. Taken out of context it does mean the opposite of its intended use though.    EDIT: Had a quick look, can't find the link. Seems its been like this since the mid 1900's or so. It may have started ironically. Maybe we'll be having this conversation in 50 years time about YOLO."
 "Do you have any funny stories from New Years Eves past?"
 "Bugs.  They're quite nutritious."
 "Sweet babies XD what's your favorite flavor?"
 "I'm not a business owner, but do know a lot about the accounting side of things. I highly recommend you consult with a decent accountant if you don't already have one, because they can help with tax planning and recommend legit strategies to maximize the tax impact when you eventually close. The manner in which you dispose of assets and handle any carryforward losses, basis, etc. can make a difference if you plan ahead."
 "At some point, you have to admit that not all poor people are lazy.  Who said they/we are? Live within your means.  There's plenty of well-educated people who can't get jobs in their fields and end up resorting to minimum wage jobs.  Some people chose poorly when selecting a field to major in. Not all degrees are worth the paper they're printed on. I wish I could major in Mario Kart and make 6 figures. It's a pipe dream.  But I suppose you're fine with those people struggling to make ends meet as well.  Why are people struggling? Because they think internet is a necessity? Because having a roommate doesn't afford them adequate privacy? Because they want to drive a nice car/the bus isn't good enough? Define the struggle you speak of. And if they ARE making ends meet, struggle or not, doesn't that mean they're making a livable wage?  I live in Northern California where the minimum wage is $8.00/hour. Is that enough to live in San Francisco? Hell no. Is that enough to live in the valley? Hell yeah. Solution? Don't live in San Francisco. You can't afford it on minimum wage. In fact, many if not most people out here commute to San Francisco every day where the wages are higher. There are ways of getting by. I'm getting by right now."
 "Spoiled women. Major turn off"
 "\"if you don't take your seat,  how can you have any pudding?\" "
 "But you added * making it the same amount of characters "
 "If Dexter would kill them, I'd want to kill them. He and I have... certain similarities."
 "They don't like being reminded of their inferiority."
 "Yeah but it all happened a long time ago in a galaxy far, far away. "
 "Aye, that and what time OP posts."
 "Well, I'm not saying I personally disagree or agree with you, but according to u/skftw he was paying his way through a community college at those wages and it sounds like he was able to make time.  It's like you didn't read his post..."
 "So many people agreeing with market bullshit in this is just depressing."
 "If I make a touchdown signal with both my hands my dog will go insane."
 "Yeah, my city has a bunch of silicon bimbos and roid headed men stumbling around the city drinking into the new year. Welcome to Los Angeles. Wanna trade?"
 "I just let it go natural yo."
 "Yes.... yes I am am...  hehe ha mua ha ha Muaha MuaHaHaHa *cough* *sputter* hrmm... yes.."
 "Tits and ass are external, they have form that you can see regularly and compare between people.  Vaginas themselves are wholly internal, but assuming that you mean vulva/labia: If a girl is particularly nice-looking, I'll probably mention it. I definitely notice tits and ass more, because I look at those more. Even for pussies I see regularly, I often don't get a chance to really sit there and look at it, which isn't the case for other things.  I definitely do notice (and compliment) taste more than appearance. (Again: Spend more time tasting it than I do looking at it.)"
 "Move to sweden. Btw are you hot? That could be why"
 "Yeah and then ask you to pick up the check Mr Moneybags."
 "How jarring is the pink:black ratio in a black persons vagina."
 "That depends. How far are you willing to commute? Do you include renting a house with multiple people?"
 "Teen Titans! "
 "\"Was that you or me?\""
 "This. I hate that I feel that way, but anything more than a 50/50 gum to tooth ratio is just so unappealing I can't get past it. They always have the biggest smiles too, where the lips move out of the way to show every inch of the gums."
 "Also in Kentucky, If you challenge someone to, or have fought a duel, you can't hold elective office; hence, the *non*-challenge in the Legislator a few years ago.  *EDIT*: Apparently, [you can't even act as a Chivalry is doomed in Redneckistan!"
 "Read it as nip-libble, whatever the hell that is! Haha"
 "you missed Martin Luther King Day"
 "On reddit."
 "Ariana Grande!"
 "Mirror. Signal. Manoeuvre. "
 "Somehow make it so i don't have to wipe my butt."
 "[Bush Or Gore: 'A New Era reflection of how indistinguishable the candidates can seem sometimes."
 "And I was sarcastic the post made me chuckle thank you"
 "Looks like her \"trade mark\" is a success if so many people are annoyed by it."
 "If you're a French person, the best one is \"here's one the German aren't gonna get.\" "
 "how about just get rid of mental illness. seems like if any one thing was going to operate correctly in the body, it should be the one thing that controls everything else...      "
 "Well, I guess it's all about perspective. "
 "  It's what the website creator thinks should be law and not what actually is law.  Do you have any concrete examples of this?  The forum area and some of the articles are opinion based, yes.  However, it also houses a centralized law area including federal laws, state laws, and some international laws.  The US state laws listed on the site are printed verbatim (I'm sure that some of the state laws are probably out of date - if you do know of an out-of-date law on the site, you can contact the administrator and let her know and it will be fixed).  In addition, links are provided on the law pages so that people can look up the exact wording of the law themselves.  FWIW, the administrator on the site has a good track record of successfully assisting people who are seeking access with ESAs in housing, which is why I provided the link to that page."
 "If someone proposes to you and you are hesitant to tell your family and friends, you shouldn't marry that person."
 "B-"
 "The issue is the wage compared to the cost of living. With 20,000 a year in a third world country you'd be rich."
 "That's still awesome. Unfortunately with a reddit thread of this size and age there's basically no chance in hell a new top comment will get significant upvotes. "
 "Just make us Space-Marines please. I need to be able to spit acid, I NEED IT. *breathinginwaterisprettycoolaswell*"
 "I think you read the thread title backwards."
 "I don't believe it, because it isn't true.  [Japanese is ranked as the hardest common language for English speakers to learn by the US state imported words aren't necessarily obvious. Would an english speaker just starting to learn know what a wappo is? A terebi? A biru?  Even the words that are imported into Japanese aren't exactly obvious. Sure, they're easier by comparison to kanji, but that doesn't mean much. Pretty much *anything* is easy compared to kanji."
 "Technically.... but I see your point.   I didn't expect a sequel because of how the books are done, but after watching that scene, I feared (and kinda hoped) they would attempt to. "
 "oh i thought i missed something for a second."
 "The problem is that when you raise the price of something fewer people will buy it.  Raise it enough and nobody will buy it."
 "Where's my fucking immortality, dude? "
 "My mom loves everyone.  "
 "Climate Change (not focusing on it enough anyway)"
 "So glad to hear this because my voice is not a little girl voice. It seems to me that is what men like though "
 "we waste so much, imagine how much money we could make if we sold all the jizz we jizz."
 "Most pully exercises at the gym...you are not supposed to slap on all that weight and then swing you whole body down to do the exercise.  "
 "Good. Those things look fucking stupid. "
 "According to your name, you're a muscular piece of meat."
 "GOD DAMN IT, BILLY, I KNOW WHAT YOUR MOM DOES OVER AT THE HENDERSONS. AND YOU, SUZY, YOU BETTER BRING TWO PRESENTS OR I'LL LET EVERYONE KNOW WHY YOU HAVE TWO MOMMIES!"
 "Wouldn't Rhaegal make more sense, though?"
 "Looney Bin."
 "I know i do..."
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Unchecked surveillance. "
 "He edges close to me and smiles a little, leans down and brushes my lips lightly with his. Then he presses in and opens his mouth a bit, and his lips softly meld with mine. He puts his hand on the back of my head to pull me in to his mouth, presses more firmly but still with soft lips and there is a little more tongueplay before he slowly drags his lips apart from mine. He looks at me and smiles again, looking me in the eye, kisses me again like that, pulls back enough, teasingly, that I lean forward to chase his mouth with mine, and he chuckles happily at my eagerness as he leans toward me to give me yet another of those delicious slow savoring kisses."
 "Cuntnugget"
 "Personal business."
 "You do know that the Foo Fighters was founded by a former member of Nirvana right?  That's the difference between liberals and conservatives. Liberals are elitist pricks who think themselves above everyone else, when they are above no one. Conservatives lack this superiority complex, and it is this behavior that leaves us standing on top."
 "a teenager doing the same job as a person with a family deserves the same money and the person with a family deserves a living wage. Simple. "
 "I recognize this post is fairly later, but have you thought about **forging a partnership** here instead of reinventing the wheel on all the legwork to get your ideas up and running *on top of* the base level groundwork that you've identified Khan Academy has in placed successfully (and presumable QA tested, etc)?  I like the idea, but I would hate to have it be bogged down by a barrier to entry or startup costs (wheter it be energy, person-hours, or capital)."
 "Are you BUFF?"
 "I think you mean higher. I agree."
 "Watch for sales. They come around periodically. If you can (money and space-wise), stock up on *anything* that doesn't go bad, which you use regularly. Never pay full price if you can avoid it. "
 "Good luck friend!"
 "\"I would walk 500 miles, and I would walk 500 more, just to be the man that walked 1000 miles to fall down at your door.\"   Why would you want to collapse on the door step of some woman's house?"
 "Yes, but it's a bitch to uninstall. "
 "Doge. Much fun... while it lasted. Now it's old. Wow. "
 "Everyone has a story to tell, don't think you're the better author."
 "The only proper answer here is Sonic the Hedgehog."
 "New study shows babies are dumb..  Runner up:  Archaeologists discover ancient race of skeleton people."
 "\"$200 for an hour and all I got was one pop off in 10 min, fuck you lazy ho.\""
 "\"Slob on my knob\"... You don't know who's touched my knob. I wouldn't slob on it."
 "And I had a date. Oh, the horror."
 "no because being manipulative isn't lying"
 "I take a new route to work every day. It has helped me get to know so much more of my city and beat traffic in the morning! "
 "I loved Rebel Assault II because of the cheesy live acting!  Especially the second-rate Admiral Ackbar they used!"
 "It was just a simple goal, but its gone and nothing can be done about it. I'm a big boy, it's not like you ruined reddit for me. "
 "It looks like you failed to ask a question in your title. Double check everything, including punctuation, and try posting again.   * **If you're wanting to tell a story or explain something, please try /r/Self.**  * **If you're needing advice of any kind, try /r/Answers or /r/needadvice**  * **If you're looking for something that has slipped your mind, try /r/TipOfMyTongue.**  Anything else not covered try one of the subreddits mentioned in our sidebar that better suits your needs.  If you need more clarification, or feel this was an error, please contact the mods and provide a link to this post, thanks!   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "It's like when I was stuck behind a stopped UPS truck a few days ago.  I was sitting with my signal on but 7 different cars just went around me and didn't let me by, effectively reversing our order on the street.  Joke's on them though, 2 blocks later they were all blocked by a car turning left and I got in front of all of them again."
 "What happened after?"
 "My current workout is:  Day 1 - 30 minutes on treadmill, 3x25 situps with variations, 3x25 pushups w/variations, as many pull ups as I can do (not many). When it is nice out, I run a 5k instead of the dreadmill.  Day 2 - upper body lift, all free weights - vertical shoulder press, standing flies, standing rows, overhead lat extension, bicep curls, lat extensions, dumbbell press. Situps again. Treadmill for 20 minutes.  Either rinse and repeat 5 days, or mix in p90x DVDs to sub for cardio or strength portions.  P90x yoga on Saturday, p90x stretch on Sunday.  My meals are really boring but I don't mind boring food. Every Sunday night, I fill my foreman with chicken, pork, or beef and dice it all up to throw into wraps, salads, omelettes, quesadillas all week. I also make boring stir fry. Little shot of olive oil, stir fry meat, bag of frozen stir fry veggies. Top with soy sauce, sometimes I'll do brown rice if I had a low calorie day already.  Get used to mustard. I hated mustard until I found our it was zero calories. Ditch the mayo, ranch, etc, and stick with mustard.  Also, protein shakes and fruit. Other foods include sweet potatoes, steamed broccoli, carrot sticks, peanuts in the shell.   Good luck!"
 "I mean the kind that comes with having two hearts."
 "I've always done two of them cris-crossed together. Good to know. It'll save me from losing so many pins =P"
 "Justin?"
 "protip for when you do decide to use that horrible horrible flash on your point and shoot (for photos of people/pets, not aquariums): Grab a napkin or even a thin cotton shirt and cover the flash with it (but not the lens silly). This will diffuse the light a little bit and make it appear \"softer\" on your subject and way less point-and-shooty"
 "The thing is, though, that the masses *do* decide where language goes. This is part of the reason that we use the word \"you\" instead of \"thou\" now. Also, language itself is different from spelling/writing, which is what your first examples (Jaden Smith, e.g.) focus on. Language is pretty cool in that it's fairly organic in the way it develops. If this is something you're interested in and you're in college/university, you should try to take an intro to linguistics class at some point. "
 "Hell yes. Reading will improve your writing so much. When I was. Freshman in HS I didn't read for shit, but after reading a lot during sophomore and junior year (what I'm currently in), my writing has improved 10 fold. I know that school was definitely a part of it, but I was expelled during sophomore year and just read the whole time.  "
 "Don't worry, my friend. /u/gangnam_style is merely quoting the amazing movie The Big Lebowski, which reddit loves (for damn good reason). I'm sure he didn't intend to denigrate that useful tomato-based remedy."
 "That was hard to watch. "
 "Two chicks at the same time. "
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Online."
 "Right!  If you don't agree DOWNVOTE!!!!"
 "No man I'm good I'm good   *THUMP*"
 "Good luck !"
 "Most of the time when that happens, they received downvotes when the post was new."
 "Stronger and less corrodible teeth.   Like Thompson's Teeth for instance."
 "Holy shit that sounds like an eventful day. Did the guy survive? "
 "Bone regeneration then!"
 "\"Sorry you're a moron\""
 "Yes, he makes some good points. I often wonder why people think that hiring someone to do a job is an agreement to provide a certain standard of living. It is not. It's an agreement to provide a fixed amount of money in exchange for labor. "
 "That's just not true. If a board could hire some minimum wage worker to become CEO and not affect the company, they'd DO IT. An immature Steve Jobs buried Apple, an experienced Steve Jobs returned and led the largest recovery in my lifetime. Larry Page *is* responsible for Google, not the janitor cleaning the halls.   I know you're not trying to create an equivalence there, but I'm trying to remind you of the topic at hand; there are far fewer people meeting the qualifications of CEO than grocery clerk. "
 "He just stopped talking to me completely for no reason that I can think of. It was awkward when we were in school cause I had a class with him. I continued acting normally in that class and I think that made him mad, but deep inside I was hurt. He would just sit there and not talk to any of his friends and he had his head down most of the time and he wouldn't really look at anyone. His friends in that class told him he was acting weird and they asked him why he was acting that way and he just suddenly kinda blew up and said \"I don't wanna talk about it.\" He did that until summer vacation started. We still don't talk even to this day and I wondered if we were even real friends. Im a girl, and from the beginning I thought he just wanted to try to convince me to become his girlfriend but at the time he had a girlfriend and I thought it was weird. So I assumed he just wanted to be friends. He didn't seem like the type of guy to cheat or dump a girl right away for another, even if he tried to do that I wouldn't have gone out with him. It doesn't bother me today. I just thought I'd share that with you guys. :-)"
 "Latin is a lot different then say italian, french or spanish, think of latin words like 'quoque' 'semper' only some are carried through and the grammar is even more unalike, but ofcourse you coupd understand all these awesome quotes and ancient texts"
 "I must confess I didn't see the first of the spiderman reboot (reboot?).  Was it worth seeing?  Thats pretty exciting either way.  That \"Hope Springs\" movie was filmed in my town, but I didn't much care for it lol."
 "I know it shouldn't, I just don't understand why it doesn't."
 "worms"
 "No, I'm just a Canadian of (self-proclaimed) above average intelligence."
 "There's a difference between me and you...."
 "I have bigger feet, And I'm always so nervous about the response I'll get from guys."
 "ITT americans complaining"
 "I wrote this on 31.12.2013 in Poland. It is now 01.01.2014 in Poland and I had a sub-par New Year's Eve party, where there were 4 couples and me being the odd one out. And I'm not exceptionally ugly, either.  I am seriously considering moving to Nepal to live as a goat."
 "Loyalty."
 "The ability for humans to play in the long term. This world would be in such a better place if we all planned 20+ years in the future. "
 "Where do you get your dog's? Because my kids are either geniuses or your dog's are. "
 "Then they must have some great girlfriends. Or you know really shitty men."
 "You acquire dragon talons."
 "There is nothing \"equal\" or \"level\" about a school having a quota, and giving a spot to a black weak student over a qualified white one. That's the reality of affirmative action."
 "So, what happens to Asians that are bad at math?"
 "My dog is a husky mix, and does the husky howls when he's really frustrated.. i.e. i'm taking too long to put on my shoes and he really needs to go out to pee. I can just feel the sass in his tone."
 "One of my girlfriend's dogs wakes me up by walking on me then just stares at me with a toy in his mouth and breathing on my face "
 "Trollolol"
 "Dexters lab"
 "I expected this to become NSFW fast...reddit what have you done to me. "
 "Where do you live.  What is your budget.  Have you checked out Groupon?"
 "I'm sorry you're such a cunt."
 "History would stop repeating itself"
 "Ox blood soup, ox tail soup, a lot of things from Korea are strange but yummy. My husband got me into Korean food"
 "The language on the Voynich manuscript.  Then I'd graffiti everywhere."
 "Some of these are the same in Spanish."
 "A large paperback medical reference book full of colorful pictures of pills and descriptions of their effects. I would like to think the previous hotel guest was a cute young nursing student, but deep down I knew that the rathole Inn in Williston North Dakota probably didn't see many nurses. More than likely a drug addict."
 "I'll take citations from economists over reddit anecdotes, thanks. "
 "What I'm saying is, with some accents, Patty and Paddy sound *exactly the same.* It doesn't matter if it's Pat-T or Pad-D, some people pronounce them the same due to having a certain accent.  Think like their, there and they're. (except with those you have context to tell you which one the person's using.)"
 "Original is always gunna be king, dude.      Dr pepper or cherry coke?"
 "[I lost 32 pounds in 15 days and "bugs, weeds.   Start foraging now."
 "The minimum wage most certainly was intended to be liveable. That's the entire point of it. If you can't survive on $7 dollars an hour, then it doesn't matter if it's 7 dollars an hour, or 0 dollars an hour, making \"minimum\" irrelevant. There isn't a single state in the United States in which you can afford a 2 bedroom apartment on minimum wage working 40 hours a week. I understand you were able to survive at 18 with no dependents and some roommates, but so many people that work minimum wage jobs aren't 18 year olds, but middle aged people with families. So keeping people in a state of poverty, or near poverty, making it near impossible for them to break the cycle. I would also like to know when you did this, because the costs of living for an 18 year old have risen significantly over time. I get your point, but it seems like your argument is filled with a lot of misconceptions."
 "When I was in the hospital having his child, I found naked pics of 5 different women on his phone."
 "Because it's a concept that suggest that the person thinks they're better than another person because of where they were born."
 "Waiting for everyone to get up from their naps so we can get ready to go to my auntie's house. Plus I want a full battery on my phone so I'm on my laptop instead of watching stuff on Netflix."
 "To a white person: What's it like to be recognized (correctly or incorrectly) as the superior race?"
 "Shedding your uterus lining, its a serious business."
 "In line with my new year resolution to be kinder and gentler towards retards, rather than make you labour through whole sentences of words here is my measured response. Fuck you turd."
 "6 and 6, typically tapping out the beat to whatever I'm listening to, left foot hits the bass drum"
 "i dont know if you would call me buff, but i do have strong muscles!!"
 "What the hell is the matter with you?"
 "Chipolte."
 "That is an excellent point."
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "I also only drink water and skim milk.  *Fistbump*"
 "at least it wasn't gilded as well"
 "I secretly love popping mine... Guess it isn't a secret anymore :0"
 "How my grandpa does it.  *grandpa farts. Turns to me* \"Do farts have lumps?\" \"No\" \"Then I must have shit my pants\""
 "When they screamed after I hit the generator it made me shit myself. On my first try on ire adrenaline I just ran and by the grace of god, I hit the door at the end of the hallway without dying. Playing on the hardest difficulty made TLOU so fun."
 "Thank you for your words.  He showed me how to family.  I wish he was here."
 "I find my body pretty hot on good days, it's a motivation to stay in shape. I mostly like my face but don't feel the same about it, so it's not like I want to fuck myself in that way. I think it's fairly tied up with feeling sexy in general. When I feel fat and ugly I don't want anything to do with sex."
 "Just three? That's three more than me :("
 "Go on a road trip. "
 "There's a story behind that law"
 "My thoughts are with you. I'm send you lots of internet hugs and love."
 "Why yes, I am like you! Thanks! :)"
 "Backing up in a car using only mirrors. There are these things called blind spots and this thing called shoulder-checking. Try it! :P"
 "No. Solution is what contacts are put in to keep them moist."
 "I managed to kill that off too :( RIP"
 "*I am doomed to remember a boy with a wrecked voice  not because of his voice, or because he was the smallest person I ever knew, or even because he was the instrument of my mothers death, but because he is the reason I believe in God; I am a Christian because of Owen Meany.*  A Prayer for Owen Meany, by John Irving.  Also, I am not a Christian. Still an awesome book."
 "humiliation/degradation   "
 "Ground up and eaten. I thought everyone knew this."
 "Reddit... oh yeah, I used to post there. "
 "The Constitution grants \"life, liberty, and the *pursuit* of happiness\", not guaranteed happiness or the achieving of the 'American Dream'. That being said, not everyone should automatically *deserve* a job that provides a livable wage if they don't have the skills, ability, or drive to earn it."
 "I bet that guy's awesome at birthday parties eating cake and ice cream."
 "Thank you."
 "It kind of does. "
 "Not too sure how unorthodox this might be, but other humans? Nothing like some good ol' long pig to fulfill those post apocalyptic dietary requirements! Edit: long pig"
 "Twat. It's fancy because British people say it."
 "How about some skin that doesn't burn? That would be great."
 "My cat will run up to greet me when I get home from work, and follow me around as I take in the trash. He'll also follow me when I walk downtown, which gets problematic when we end up too far from home. He'll stop and meow in the most pitiful way until I walk him back home and put him inside."
 "This is seriously one of my favorites of all time, I look at it whenever I am feeling down. "
 "Spanish. because I need to pass my Spanish class."
 "This is great, but I'm pretty sure OP can roast his own beans."
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "you aren't supposed to... it doesn't make sense, person had too much to drink."
 "Sleep early... Somehow. I think aerobic exercise often works."
 "Also biased, but I had the best 4 years of my life at Virginia Tech. Small town feel, only with 60,000 people your age. Lots of parties, clubs, hiking, skiing, rafting, decent greek life, lots of stoners, bars, tons of majors. Football games are fun as "In the business world (I've been a hiring/firing manager) you can fire someone for a legitimate reason like showing up late to work and have ulterior motives, there's not much that can be done about it.  There's really little that can be done about that, however, people can and do file suits for wrongful terminations all the time and claim racial or other bias.  When I had to fire people, we had to make damn sure everything was well documented that they had problems with attendance/performance, they had received write-ups (we even did suspensions, i.e. unpaid week away from work), before we'd fire.  That way no one could ever come back and claim the firing was unjustified (they still would, they just wouldn't win).  "
 "1. Regenerative. Sucks for those who do parkour and then break all their joints. And for our teeth. So we can, you know, eat. And to just heal better. When people get screwed up in the face, as far as i know it rarely heals. 2. Protected spine.  Why is it so exposed. 3. Stronger willpower.  Unless it is something like food or dying, people rarely take action. 4. Sleep less.  You see we are now gods of light.  We no longer need to sleep the night away."
 "I'm actually not doing too badly, though today has been slow enough I've been working reddit like it's my job."
 "Someone submit a bug report. Maybe they'll fix it in the next update. "
 "You're only in it for my word size and sentence structure, aren't you? :("
 "Woah...he gotta go easy on the Tantrum."
 "Blech, I don't want to think about Tyga."
 "You enjoy fulfilling your rights under the 1st ammendment? "
 "Family history."
 "Wow. I've never heard of this being a common thing. No one where I'm from would EVER walk past you on the escalator.. Or walk up it, for that matter. I'll make sure to remember this from now on!"
 "That looks like it's going to be great!  I've always enjoyed Nolan's work.  Not to mention space travel and wormholes fascinate me! "
 "Am I a loser if I can't remember?"
 "sad. now im insanely happy! i got a nerd bf!!!"
 "Avatar. The last airbender. Just for the figth scenes.  "
 "Dora the Explorer. turn her into a spanish Lara Croft but with an actual personality, scarred by the untimely capture and murder of her beloved monkey friend Boots. she goes around the world looking for clues that will lead her to a classic showdown against her betrayer...... dun dun dun ... Swiper! Who knew!   or have I overthought this?"
 "Most definitely Olan Rogers. He is the kind of person I want to be when I'm an adult, and I want my kids (when that time comes) to be like him. "
 "Leather that was tanned with nontoxic chemicals can be boiled and eaten"
 "I think someone is a little bitter."
 "My SO doesn't condition or shampoo his beard. I bought him some oils to put it in to keep his skin from drying out and his beard lookin shiney and clean! Smells good too!"
 "This just got weird"
 "Reddit Gold."
 "Correct me if I'm wrong, butI think that's what all the Skylander things are. I remember helping my nephew I think spyro was mentioned here and there."
 "Korean, simply to watch Korean films."
 "For some reason I don't think your assumption is correct. Either that, or you have personal insight with a very large group of people. "
 "It does.  At any point he can CHOOSE to regenerate into a ginger.  He just doesn't have the self control to do it.  Romana did it in the original series."
 "Lead pipe. "
 "22nd and pike, Chacho burritos makes up for it all!"
 "She was surprisingly calm about that"
 "Aliens abduct you and teach you the secret handshake."
 "hue"
 "Awkward thing is the side changes in certain countries... Down in the Antipodes they all stand on the left.   Makes a hell of a time trying to remember which is which when you travel a bit. "
 "When I was a kid I wasnt too good at the \"grab and win\" machines. My dad used to always take me to Alton Towers and would win all the toys and teddys I wanted!..such good times.  Edit: Spelling, damn phone."
 "This year I'll start doing physical exercises. I can't remember when it was the last time I did something good for my body. So, running it will be!"
 "The first onion article i read. I was stupid enough to believe it for about a minute into the video."
 "You know you did, you know you did, you know you did..."
 "Some industry-sponsored research, but the 119k is my base salary from the university.  Consulting fees, patent license fees, expert witness fees, and my sideline businesses are separate.  In total, a good year nets me ~330k before taxes."
 "Hm. That data fits to the theory, but I think you're overthinking it."
 "Mandatory Tails Doll reference."
 "I'm going to stop farting then think that it stinks too much to have possibly come from me, and ask if anyone else farted."
 "The \"The Room\" clip is welcome"
 "Essentially."
 "Wow!"
 "Dexters Laboratory, mad scientist living in his parents house with his obnoxious sister can get pretty dark....."
 "KOTOR. It was the first RPG I ever played, and everyone that I have played since has failed to live up to the awesomeness of KOTOR.  "
 "Expressing emotion, loving poetry, and playing stringed instruments not named \"guitar\"."
 "Sometimes! Relevant: sprong it like those little springs that save walls from doors.  When I was a kid I used to put my glasses on it like it was a little face sometimes. Professor Penis or something like that."
 "I say \"I couldn't care less\" but both are correct.  I've always been under the impression that \"I could care less\" is short for \"I could care less, but then I'd have to try\" (care)"
 "What is defined as \"livable\"? A single, healthy adult can easily get by working 40 hours a week full time. 40 hours a week at $7.65 is $1,166/month. $500 for rent, $150 for food, $100 for travel expenses and he is living with $416 to spare each month.  I think the problem with the term \"livable\" is that there are too many factors involved. What if it is a family with 3 kids? What if the single person has health problems? Suddenly it is a bit more difficult.   Then how do you determine wages? Do you \"overpay\" the single healthy  individual to make sure that the people with living problems are OK? Do you pay people more based on their status?"
 "Asinine. Love this word."
 "This should be the top thing on this list."
 "Separate, one-way respiratory system.   Also guitars and laser guns. "
 "how...how is that a counter?"
 "I used to drink and drive all the time. I would go to my local watering hole, drink until I got my fill and then drive and drive and drive. After the first couple of times, it just became habit. Of course I could \"get away\" with it; is what I would say to myself. I eventually even started to drink WHILE I was driving. I found it therapeutic. I would drink a 6 pack of beers while listening to Bruce Springsteen on the back roads of my hometown more than twice a week. I'd even stop to piss on the side of the road with no worry in the entire world.   BUT. One night, I decided to go to the bar with a couple friends and then decided to drive one of them home while I had a .27 BAC. I merely rolled through a stop sign and was nabbed by a state trooper.   Alcoholics are creatures of habit(s). Once you enjoy something and know you can get away with it, you think you're Superman until the long dick of the law penetrates... your ass and your wallet. "
 "hahah, why?"
 "Future generations would have to rely on archaeological evidence, I guess. But this is assuming, of course, that they can manage to get everyone on board with the idea."
 "Browsing Reddit. "
 "both phrases mean the same thing           No they don't. Not even close. "
 "Couldn't have said it better myself. Thanks again mate. Happy new year!"
 "Emma Stone. Just... wow!"
 "Ah true. In aus people some how get their hands on fireworks. Depends on your family but a lot of us get smashed. But it's all good fun. Americans seem to love their partying. Anywho. Happy new year and I hope you have a Goodyear ahead. "
 "That is why we have government support for the unprivileged to compensate.  So why is it the taxpayer's burden to subsidize minimum wage and not the employer? If someone needs government assistance while working a minimum wage job, clearly there is a problem with the wage itself.   It would be an error to believe that because the privileged are more likely to succeed that in order to succeed, you need to be privileged which is what tuba_man implies.  And I suppose you saying \"luck has nothing to do with a living wage\" ignores the reality that most people who succeed *are actually lucky* from the start. Even if they were just blessed with intelligence, they got lucky. "
 "I've seen some of those. I feel like I'd be too focused on my wrist hurting  than the fist in my vagina."
 "Well options are always nice."
 "[Point/Counterpoint \"My computer totally hates "Take a computer class of some kind. Even if it's online."
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "If I can feel your breath when I'm trying to type in my PIN number at a grocery store, you're going to get an \"accidental\" head butt. Personal space is important!"
 "I dated a guy who did this and rammed his tongue all the way down my throat, my gagging didn't clue him in.  We did not last long."
 " play games like soccer when we kick it    thought it was snowing but I'm just the coldest motherfucker out here  Also the infamous potty line"
 "that's pretty nice...you should dom me....."
 "I'm surprised nobody has said Jurassic Park yet. "
 "Mean guys are into mean girls. "
 "I love supernova XD and cherry coke. However I like  strawberry soda and  Dr pepper. "
 "Thank you parents for making me complete Mavis Beacon as a child!"
 "He's good. :)"
 "I'm currently working my way through a James Bond movie marathon. I'm on The Man With The Golden Gun."
 "Just for the fun of arguing with nothing else to do on this holiday...the initial argument was all about \"I deserve a living wage.\" I don't know where OP or anyone else involved in the debate lives. I'll be the first to admit minimum wage in my town (Honolulu) ain't going to cut it.But we want a \"living\" wage. Not I \"I am entitled to live in this wealthy area\" wage.   So if we're talking \"livable wage\" what can you do if you make the current minimum? Let's go through a possible life in my original hometown of [Melbourne, Let's note that this isn't going out of our way to some backwater tiny town just to get prices down. Melbourne is a growing city, supporting the Kennedy Space Center, with colleges and industry of its own, solid beach tourism, and a 45 minute drive from Orlando/Disney.  Let's say you make the 2014 Florida state minimum of $7.93 for a forty hour a week job. This gives you 317.20 a week, or 1268.80 for a four week period, plus a couple extra days for a month, so for simplicity's sake let's call it $1300/month. You're not paying federal taxes at that income, and there's no state income tax in FL so you've got $1300 a month to live off of.  First we need a place to live. We're poor, so we're probably not buying, or renting from a private renter who will want better backup than minimum wage. We need some corporate ran apartments to look at. Luckily in Melbourne a two bedroom apartment can be had for as little as $638 a month...into the 7s  8s...but let's just say we're conservative but not bottom of the barrel and a two bedroom for about $700 month is a decent option. We get a roommate so our two bedroom decent but not awesome corporate apartment costs us $350/month. We have $950 left a month to live off of.   Then we need to feed ourselves. Let's go a little wild here. No ramen for us. We use the USDA estimate of what it should cost to feed ourselves and we don't fall in one of the lower two thrifty or low cost brackets, but put ourselves in the second highest bracket of because we're not trying to die of sodium but we could easily save more money if we wanted to go cheaper on food. We're looking at roughly $300 expected food cost. So our $950 is now $650.   Now let's say our power bill is for Melbourne. We're probably over estimating since it's just us and our roommate and we're poor so we're not running 9 million gadgets all the time, but to be safe we estimate average and come in at just under a hundred bucks a month. Our share is $50. We're in an apartment so our sewage/waste/water is included. After utilities we have $600 bucks a month left.   We don't need a car, because remember we're not working for one of the city's industry leaders like Harris or SAIC that we could eventually gun for a job in as we develop a resume. We can walk from our apartment to any of many fine retail centers with stores and restaurants for our minimum wage job. Of course there is the bus too. Let's say we need a bus pass because we don't want to walk, or we work at a retail center across town, or we want to get to the beach easily on our days off. A [monthly unlimited costs us $35. We're down to our last. $565.   We need a phone. It's not \"essential,\" but kinda is in the modern era. Lucky for us there's a ton of [no contract reasonable plans with plenty of text, talk, and data and we can bring our old phone or get a cheap refurbished to use on the plans. $20/month gets the job done. It's not I5 cool, but we're surfing the web, texting, and talking plenty. And we still have $535 left this month.  What can we do with $535 now that everything is taken care of? Well with less than one month's savings we could buy a bicycle, ride to work and save money in the future on that bus pass, plus ride the bike paths to the beach on our days off. Or we could buy a decent new laptop, or save two months and get a pretty good one, shell out [$50 a for high speed internet at our apartment, maybe even throw in another $12 a month for Netflix (which if you can get the roommate to share in all is only $31 for the deal, still leaving you over $500 a month left). Or we can be a big spender, and after that month we buy the computer, we save for another month and get ourselves a solid $500 TV and get cable and internet for only [$70 a OR only $35 from us a month if our roomie is in again.  Man we're doing kinda okay on minimum wage with a little planning and we still have $500 a month rough in our pocket. We could buy a car, with gas and insurance and everything if we wanted to. Or we could have money for movies and eating out from time to time. If we're smart we'll save a little each month so the next time we need need something it's there, but we're not even paycheck to paycheck and we're Florida's poorest...without having even touched EBT or any social programs we're inevitably eligible for.   Are we living large? No. Jay-Z is not inviting us to the next red carpet. LeBron isn't having us at the NBA Finals after party, we have no idea where the Atlantis Caribbean resort is (other than in the Caribbean). But are we living? Damn right. We're living in a solid apartment, eating better than average meals, we have a decent cell plan, internet and media options, are rolling to the beach and shit during the rest of the week outside of the only forty hours a week we're working. Only in America.  We're also solid people so we know even if we have zero ambition to shoot to develop a skill we're going to be hard working unskilled labor and the longer we stay with our low end job, we'll still move up to shift manager and shit, we'll get time with the company raises, etc. We can't help but have our lifestyle increase as long as we're not idiots. Only in America.  Oh...but no...shit we live in NYC or someplace where minimum wage doesn't cover it because rent is so damn high and crap...oh wait I guess we're just in for a shitty few weeks of Ramen and maybe a few nights sleeping in the subway station. It sucks, but then we have money saved for a Greyhound ticket to Melbourne, Florida...or Lafayette Indiana...or Milbrook, Alabama...or anywhere else in the endless miles of suburbia where the plan works. Done deal. Only in America.  I hate to be the guy on reddit who says, \"Well I've seen...\" BUT I've seen true poverty when I was in the Army in Afghanistan...when I was in a shanty town outside Durban, when I saw nomads near Ulaanbantaar. For the most part America and the west doesn't have a freaking clue what true poverty is. So when you bring your, \"I demand a living wage,\" you look pretty silly when I say, got it, here's your plan. You can live pretty good for not so much with just a little planning and effort. You're the poorest in America and here's how you can live a pretty solid life on it.   Only in America.  Let's all take a quick time out to thank God that we won the geographic birthplace lottery. Because let's be honest, even if you aren't so blessed to be in America, if you're killing time on reddit reading this bullshit you're somewhere where you're relatively pretty blessed."
 "Who gives a shit about downvotes when you have gold?"
 "Was this like a free-form poem?"
 "Out 37 and 70 seems to have these like this, I was out there two days ago and was what the fucking all the way through"
 "Strange but recently I dislike the people I never cared for more intensely while finding some I never noticed before for extremely likable."
 "I prefer one night stands over friends with benefits. "
 "Yeah. Kind of a waste of time if you ask me."
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Eradicating all trace of religion from government worldwide. "
 "Depends on the girl. But overall the good outweighs the bad. "
 "People who side with the others that want to pay people less, don't think about the future. They think only about the present. How they will be affected by wage increases right now.  They also seem to think that just because they were able to get themselves through community college that anyone can. That is simply not the case. You are not equal to Richard Branson, only just a little unlucky or a tiny bit lazier than he is. You are genetically weaker than he is. His iq is naturally higher than yours. His ambition is naturally stronger than yours.  Yours is naturally higher and stronger than others. Get over it.  People need to understand that if a government doesn't help balance these inconsistencies between its peoples than the ones born stronger than the others (naturally or by inheritance) will take advantage of the ones born weaker.  In a America the weaker are a nuisance, no matter where you are on the totem pole. So culturally we've set ourselves up for failure.   What surprises me is that the human beings with huge ambition want to be wealthy first, philanthropists later. Which are honestly a dime a dozen. And aren't even remembered for very long after they're gone.  Sainthood, that's a legacy worth achieving. Yet it is so rarely sought after, in comparison. I don't know why.  Evolution is a strange thing, why we decided to put greed into the mix will always confuse me."
 "Not so much my country, but my territory (Yukon, Canada). We have a law that states that First Nations teachers are to be hired before any other race, regardless of past experience. So, if a white teacher has 20 years of teaching experience, and a First Nations individual applies for the same job, The First Nations person WILL get that job as long as they have a teaching degree, even if they have no experience whatsoever. This does not benifit anyone, as classrooms are being filled with unexperienced teachers and many very qualified teachers are not getting jobs."
   www.nyaa.se"
 "Maybe I'm old fashioned but I only sleep with people I trust."
 "my cat, gabbie, nuzzles her nose into things when she's kneading. "
 "Keep sleep, get rid of having to shit. "
 "I work with people that do this so they can Google Facebook in order to log in. "
 "And, spelling."
 "Indestructible liver."
 "*hands you a cough drop*  Take it, fucker."
 "Fisto!"
 "Provide Lego"
 "Yes, \"perks\", like being incarcerated at 10 times the rate of whites (and for twice as long) for the same \"drug war\" crimes. \"Perks\" like Jim Crow and free fire hosings.  American history =/= European history"
 "Was 6, I'm still not Spider-Man or a Jedi and I'm still yet to pass my Chunin exam. Six year old me would be disappointed. "
 "It's okay, he/she will be here all week. Boom...tsh."
 "You must've watched too mutch movies with hitler in it"
 "You are not a lizard..."
 "How about the giant shell on the Titan's back in the first God of War? Try to figure that shit out without a guide or a friend to tell you what to do, I dare ya"
 "Ha. I really didn't expect this answer but thanks for the compliment :P"
 "Germany has a really interesting system to deal with this. There is no minimum wage, but everyone is guaranteed a livable income, which they get via income supplements from the government *if* they are working a job that doesn't provide a living wage (but not if they're jobless).  Now those 7-15$ jobs that would have been dropped aren't a problem, and more and more people are working. The jobs that aren't worth the minimum wage get done (giving some benefit), and unemployment and poverty fall through the floor."
 "CAN YOU SMELL WHAT THE CROCK IS COOKING"
 "Go fuck yourself, jerkoff.  I don't see you providing links to answer to this question.   "
 "Sharpening knives."
 "I was born in a house my father built...  The memoirs of Richard M. Nixon"
 "Good to know! "
 "Me too. Then he gets mad because I start laughing at him. It's a vicious cycle."
 "Springs 1 you are still going on about this? I think it's time you learned some new adjectives. "
 "A famous quote of his was, and I'm paraphrasing: \"If I could preserve the union by freeing all the slaves, I would.  If I could preserve the union by freeing none of the slaves, I would do that.  And if I could preserve the union by freeing some of the slaves, and leaving others enslaved, I would do that too.\"  The war wasn't primarily about slavery to the combatants of the time."
 "Yeah I'd be so down for that, except for Oakes snarky attitude. I took good pictures goddamnit!"
 "Narcissism.  Generally it's a defense mechanism against inadequacy, and can lead to some seriously messed up situations."
 "Never shop hungry, and buy ingredients you will use. Shop on the periphery of the store for most of your food. That's where you're getting most of the fresh ingredients."
 "That's just wrong. I'm walking down the street and slip on your driveway because it was icy? I'd sue you and your homeowners insurance would be involved. I just mentioned that there are lots of ads for personal injury lawyers too because Florida is the capital of frivolous lawsuits. She wasn't hurt in the slightest, told us and her mom so, and weeks later decided she was hurt after talking to a lawyer. So she's suing. Again, just a sucky situation. And we're dealing with it now, so don't tell me we're not. This is what we have found out with the layers and insurance companies."
 "A couple dozen okay orgasms, or one fucking incredible orgasm."
 "Skyrim but ill still have a couple beers"
 "I thought celery had no nutritional value; like iceburg lettuce."
 "lol wrong thread?"
 "*hug*"
 "Same here. Staying in with the wife - but we got booze and videogames. So it's ok."
 "'Murica"
 "Cow stomach/intestine lining. Menudo."
 "When washing the dishes, wash the dishes"
 "C++. it's related to so many languages, and it's basically C remastered, no? also doesnt need UNIX."
 "You must live in a dry county. I live in FL and I can buy liquor on Sundays where I live."
 "I was drunk and had to piss. Really badly. I was waiting outside a closed door, knocking occasionally. No response. I knocked a bit too hard.  Oh shit.  It was the door to the attic, not the bathroom.  "
 "Human Centipede"
 "My sister learned this the hard way."
 "Well.. it kind of is! It's anything that causes cancer. "
 "Then they just won't hire people for jobs that don't make enough back to cover that. They'll just automate that position. No company that is going to stay afloat is going to pay someone $15/hr to do something literally anyone could do stoned and half-asleep, especially if the value of that work is only around $6/hr or less."
 "Damn my curiosity!"
 "**Attention!** Please keep in mind that the OP of this thread has chosen to mark this post with the **[Serious] replies only** tag, therefore any replies that are jokes, puns, off-topic, or are otherwise non-contributory will be removed.  If you see others posting comments that violate this tag, please report them to the mods!   Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "I have worked in a few offices as a work study in college.  Basically it is just a lot of mindless busy work.  Filling, answering phones, running errands.  If you can use Office (mostly word and outlook), and you have basic common sense you should be fine."
 "It's the British spelling."
 "technology will replace human labor no matter what the minimum wage is. "
 "Women who get along with my friends though! Oh YES!"
 "This year. My bf is in NYC with some friends and my best friend is in Southern California for the Rose Bowl. Mall my other friends want nothing much to do with me and we no longer have anything in common. I've been sick for two weeks and feeling lonely. "
 "Oh god yes!!  Its so bad!  How does that woman function in a daily capacity?!?!  Can you imagine trying to pull your pants up.....or just trying to grab a dime off the floor.  "
 "The office."
 "Not really ask, but... I like smooth, soft skin and I've heard that asians have really soft skin, so I'd like to touch and see for myself.  ...I'm such a creeper. "
 "\"It's a capitalist country\" isn't an excuse, it's just an example of why capitalism is broken. Having no respect for the fact that people need to make a living doesn't make you a capitalist, it makes you scum. Not you, specifically, just people that think it's okay for things to be this way. Those jobs SHOULD pay enough for someone to at least make a decent wage."
 "Knights of the Old Republic. Of all the games I've played it did the best job of really making me feel like I was part of the Star Wars universe. I was also thrilled that the developers went with the Old Republic setting because I was a fan of the Tales of the Jedi era comics, and it allowed the game to be its own beast without worrying about making connections to the movies.  The sequel was also amazing, although the ending got cut short due to rushed deadlines and a lot of plot lines were not finished. Someday I'll probably pick it up on PC and grab the mods to check out the restored content.  Honorable mention to X-Wing, because that game was also the shiznit."
 " my ex? no, he abused the shit out of me."
 "Loved her in 3rd  Rock From the Sun"
 "Don't speak out against alcohol or weed unless you want to get downvoted like craaazy"
 "Italian. Because it is so similar to French it can be considered a dialect so I get a twofer."
 "I stole a peach from the produce aisle and ate it.  I was 2/3."
 "That's good... I try not to get too excited when grinding out on the dance floor to not be a creep/loser but I guess its not always a bad thing."
 "That's really funny even in my sober state of mind"
 "Hog jaw and black eyed peas, a new year's tradition."
 "...I would actually watch this..."
 "easy solution, the old [one wipe "Did anyone ever play SW: Force Commander?  People always said it was terrible, but I quite enjoyed it."
 "National Funk Congress Deadlocked On Get Up/Get Down "What made you decide to change in 2014?"
 "I think we're all a bit like that at the moment. If I were paid hourly for browsing Reddit, I'd be extremely rich right now!"
 "LEGIT Spiderman. "
 "Here in Scotland the national food is haggis which is made from the heart, liver and lungs of a lamb and stuffed inside the stomach to eat. Which sounds pretty horrible, but once you take your mind of the actual thought of eating it..it tastes good!"
 "Meant to? "
 "Post pictures of attractive female celebrities to /r/Celebs and /r/gentlemanboners and reap that sweet, sweet link karma."
 "The precious moment you cross the Mass border it is fucking chaos. Passing going 90mph on the right/preferring to pass on the right on a empty highway for no fucking reason, extreme tailgating, no signals, never letting anyone in. Everyone wants to get to where they are going so just chill the fuck out and stop chugging Dunkin Dougnts and listen to techno while driving. "
 "Fuck it, life goes on."
 "My dog (a chihuahua/somesortofterrierprobably) loves children.  It's great, because even though I have none of my own, I have multiple nephews and a niece.  Last year, when my niece was two, my dog could not stop humping her, nor my oldest nephew who was around six.  She just kept going...and going...I finally got her to stop, so my niece started playing with her by shoving her feet in Suki's (the dog) face.  Suki would grab her feet, or slap them with a paw.  It went on for upwards of half an hour.  She's also ridiculously patient with younger children.  Most of my nephews are around one year old, and one of them is just to the stage where he can mostly sit up by himself.  He loves to grab onto things...especially dog ears.  He's also teething.  You see where this is going?  Suki doesn't care though, and if she gets her ear free for a moment she turns around and sneaks in a french kiss with the little dude.  I think it's hilarious, if a bit disgusting.  He's a strong enough little boy that a little dog spit won't hurt him now."
 "ever see equilibrium? something like that"
 "HAHAHA HE'S FUCKING DEAD"
 "The Grimm Adventures of Billy and Mandy"
 "I gotta try that one of these days.      Ever had spaghetti tacos? Your life is lacking if you haven't."
 "get fired because he can't fix his car to get to his job that he needs the paycheck from to fix his car."
 "A little from column a, and a little from column b..."
 "Slept for about 3.5 hours in my floor, got up and went to work, was exhausted, lived with those guys another few months, moved back in with mom, met girl, moved in with girl, married girl, got better job, had lots of sex, made lots of money, drank lots of beer, watched lots of movies, found reddit, posted story."
 "It never seizes to amaze me!"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Assuming you somehow found a minimum wage job that gives you 40 hours a week every week (good luck with that).  You would only make $1256 per month before taxes.  So around $1000 a month after taxes which would be pretty hard to live on in most places. I mean think about it. 300 Rent + Utilities (1 or 2 roommates) 150 - 200 Food 70-100 Gas  (this is only driving 400-500 miles a month with a 25mpg car so basically only to work / grocery store) 100 Car payment / maintenance budget 50-100 Car insurance ( Depending on Driving record) 30-70 Health Insurance (probably with a 6-7k deductible hope you don't get sick !) 20-30 Pay as you go cell phone.  This is already at $900 a month and doesn't include clothes / internet / furniture / a bed / netflix / entertainment / oil changes / car registration / car inspections etc. etc.  So sure if you do nothing but go to work and back and sit in your apartment( with 2-3 roommates) and stare at the wall you can live on minimum wage ! (assuming you actually get 40 hours a week.)"
 "Privacy and human right laws I'm guessing"
 "Look at that! No atheist trying to prove that zConroy can't *REALLY* be god because of this and this and that."
 "Special Olympics tee-ball tee pitches perfect game. "
 "Internal friction"
 "I know a very good source of eye bleach if you need any. "
 "how come? Just easier to do a one stop and move on?"
 "\"Road Kill Squirrel Remembered as Frantic, Indecisive\" "
 "4: German, english, spanish, latin "
 "Damn, I love that smash bros gif!"
 "Its a viable currency too"
 "Ain't nobody got time fo' dat"
 "Yep.  I know and can feel the build up before he orgasms every time.  The pulsing and then rigid stiffness, rush and gush of warmth.  It feels...well great."
 "Better - I hope!"
 "Yes, this is about what I can do before the new year."
 "haha, i have a boyfriend you know!"
 "What makes you think it isn't happening right now?"
 "I would say the point of life is to make an impact on the world and to be remembered after your death."
 "STD? Or vagina dentata?"
 "They go to Santa at the North Pole. So he knows who's naughty or Nice and knows what they want for Christmas."
 "Why the fuck would you decide to smoke the most powerful psychedelic that exists on a rooftop?"
 "The story of daughter 2's engagement sounds like inconsiderate behavior on her part, not his."
 "...Oh. Huh."
 "Worked with customer service for 3 years. And all I can say is that me and my co-workers try harder to help polite customers. In all honesty no one wants to help or do an favour for an asshole. ( even if I am being payed for it, I am not payed to be abused, my bosses own words)"
 "Sorry for the confusion. Driving lanes are like that. Drive on left and pass on right. Completely forgot about that, I was thinking of a standard 2 lane road where you walk against the traffic, on the right, but cycle and drive on the left. "
 "First one become friends, then something spontaneous happens and all of a sudden you have benefits. It's a great system. "
 "I disagree. I work retail and need it almost every day. And will be a teacher, where it will be incredibly useful.  And I've lived in Texas for 23 years, FYI.  "
 "The brain. A thousand times the brain. All the other upgrades would be trivial to accomplish if we were smarter."
 "I've worked many manual labor jobs, it turns out if you lift heavy shit all the time you get a strong back.  It is much more involved to squat down and then try to engage your whole lower body just to pick up a box when you can bed down and grab it quick and put it where it needs to be. Thirdly, it just hurts your knees instead of your back.  Lastly it is much more tiring and uses a lot more energy; and when you are tired after lifting shit all day, you just don't give a fuck about lifting with your legs."
 "Because some people have no understanding of what some jobs are truly like so they pass off quick judgement on how much a person working the job should make."
 "he put his disease in me"
 "A student loan is, comparatively, very low interest. The average credit card is 24% vs 6-12 for student loans"
 " everyone should aspire to go far above and beyond a job like that into a meaningful career  There are only so many career jobs out there, however. "
 "In a democracy politicians elected are public servants, they work for us so it would take a national vote."
 "I would be swimming in ~~jizz~~ money."
 "Well I hope you aren't using the internet and driving at the same time... are you?"
 "Don't fuck up, and if you do, it may affect more than just you."
 "And you as well!"
 "Yep, the massive increase in productivity has been passed along to consumers right? In almost every product that I can think of that isn't outsourced to cheap labor, prices still seem to rise and for food, sizes get smaller per unit.   All of this market based theory goes flying out the door everytime I pay a bill or go to the store. Corporations have done a masterful job keeping these gains limited to shareholders  The US stock market rose about 30% this year. Workers income is flat and inflation is 2-3%."
 "No joke. Maybe I really could care less and I want you to know that though I currently care very little, it would be possible for me to care even less. "
 "Pinky and the Brain."
 "Juding and jokla are just slang. "
 "I love \"Braciosauri\". Awesome. "
 "Well it's been doing it since I started jerkin' it when I was 14 so..."
 "Why math? "
 "Spaghetti or soup, if the person slurps."
 "Or two if you're that dude in /r/wtf"
 "Have you tried memrize? You can learn katakana in about a week, if you're dedicated. I'd recommend the courses and also great for reviewing."
 "Well said, and nicely summarized in lay-speak. Thank you for taking the time to write that.   I guess this leaves us with the obvious: capitalism results in unlivable wages for those who lack up-front capital of some sort - opportunity, raw talent, connections, money/resources - and in fact depends on the plentiful numbers of working class individuals in the nation to net the giant profits that those on top of the system enjoy.   Large businesses create such a brutally competitive marketplace that small businesses must fall in step in order to survive, resulting in similar \"market pricing\" for similar types of employees no matter where they look for work.  The accurate response to OP's question \"Why is there a mentality that not every full time job should present a livable wage?\" demonstrates that the chosen economic model used by wealthy western nations leads us, by design, into the very class system we lament - and traps many of us within it. No business leader in his/her right mind would instantly start paying everyone who works for them at least a \"livable\" wage ($15/hr) because this would destroy their carefully constructed business model, and so none do. No entry level worker who is trying to support himself has the option to refuse all work until someone pays him $15+/hr, either, and so who do you think folds first? Those at the bottom suffer, by design, so that those on top can lead incredibly extravagant lifestyles.   I understand supply/demand economics, and I really do understand \"how things work\" in our society today, and so I dont come from the naively idealistic camp who think we should just start redistributing wealth by force, immediately paying everyone $50k/year, etc. I do not misunderstand why things *MUST* be the way they are at this very moment to sustain this economic system, but I do understand the seismic shift people need to undergo to escape this thinking and begin to imagine a world where we compete less and cooperate more.   Thanks for writing that out and giving me something to reflect on.   "
 "Could you expand?"
 "Loved TIE Fighter.  X-Wing was good too."
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "You accept the system but you'll never change the system. Thanks for all the free thinking your education gave you. "
 "When a guy touches or looks at my asshole during foreplay.  NO! EXIT ONLY!"
 "I have to tuck it around my nuts or my nuts hold it up too high."
 "You can access the internet at the library"
 "glad I'm not the only one."
 "I don't think anyone could explain it better than Scott-H-Young but I think the problem lies a lot in what the US considers \"basic\" or \"standard\" living conditions.  In a lot of countries people in their 20's will live 6 to a house.  They can start out making nearly nothing and still live and save because they're splitting rent and utilities 6 ways.  However, most people today want to live on their own or live with just 1 other person.  \"I shouldn't have to live with 5 other people\" is probably what a lot of people are thinking right now.  No, you shouldn't have to but if you're working a minimum wage job, you need to.  People don't though.  Then they do things like get pregnant and now they have to have more money but they've made a stupid decision of getting pregnant.  So now they have a very expensive person to care for so the money that wasn't good enough to support them alone now has to support at least 2 other people, one of which is much more expensive.  However, people want better pay rather than to be told \"No, you made poor life choices\".  \"No, you shouldn't have dropped out of school\".  \"No, you should have gone to college\".  Now, granted, there are some that did go to college who are stuck at these jobs but they won't be forever.  The people who are clamoring for more money are worker bees.  They can be replaced by someone who will work for less.  If not, then business dictates they will find a way like an automated machine that will just take the order and pass it onto a cook in the back.  The Automotive industry is a prime example of this.  They wanted higher pay and safer conditions which they got.  It's much safer unemployed and with robots doing the job.  This whole \"Give me 15 dollars an hour\" bullcrap is from a generation that expects things to be handed to them because, well, just because.  They're told their whole lives they deserve a well paying job and were promised ones when they grow up only to find themselves stuck in a crap job making crap pay.  Their problem is they hold absolutely zero leverage.  There ARE people out there hard up for work and if you want 15 bucks an hour, they'll fire you and pay someone willing to work for half that."
 "Eating all of the chocolate or sweets you got for Christmas!"
 "It seems what I said affected you personally. Please take this Wikipedia article on the matter. "There isn't one. You have to make one.   "
 "Or just just shot them the Sarah Palin way."
 "Interesting. I would not have known that. As a violinist, I was taught by multiple instructors that while generalized applause is saved for the end of a piece (not in between movements), applause to show appreciation of a solo is acceptable and often encouraged. I would have assumed that the same was true in ballet, having never attended one.   Today I learned. :)"
 "If you're in the morgue area you can find the door to Dr Young's office. From there look up and find a vent cover to pull down."
 "Juding and jokla are just slang."
 "Daria."
 "Shit. Everything I find comfortable is bad for me"
 "Phineas and Ferb. Ferb is one parent-death away from being Batman already."
 "I think we should clean up the pulbic school system. Kids in poor areas are suffering because there schools receive so little funding."
 "In Canada, the post office answers them.  That's the next thing Harper will cut."
 "Let's just get rid of farts"
 "New IDs? What, you lost your psychic paper?"
 "In my opinion, reddit! Just found it this year and I love it :)"
 "hey OP do you watch anime  you should watch Accel World"
 "my cat finds my dirty socks, throws/chases them around the apartment. i usually find them in or next to his food bowl. also, when we were box training him, would randomly pick him up and put him by his food bowl (they are in the same vicinity) he would meow the whole time until he saw his food and stop mid meow and just gobble. he gets hiccups when he eats/drinks too fast."
 "You need a new sack and fatherboard to be able to accomodate liquid-cooling."
 "Saving complete. Sorry about this message, apparently I need gold."
 "You know, you dont get to use any of those things progress is providing right?  Those cost money, which you dont get because you're lazy (not because you're obsolete.  If you're not working it's because you're lazy.  That's what everyone knows around here)"
 "I assumed that only happened in pornos. Because that doesn't happen in real life. "
 "*I'm talking about the fact that no one is going to beat you for trying to find a better opportunity*  Are you sure about that part "trying wheatgrass shot! "
 "I sprayed my computer with Lysol after reading your message.  "
 "LA barely gets oxygen, I hear. It gets imported in cans, like in the documentary *Spaceballs.*"
 "For me it's the other way around. I would not be able to easily masturbate to Emma Stone, even though I find her hotter than one of my female friends."
 "Ergh, creepy as fuck indeed.  Is the assumption that you are female therefore you are pretty much required to have posted on gonewild? :-("
 "The basic Idea is that you should be paid based on the difficulty and skill required to  do your job. In the case of mcdonalds for example, the jobs are A) rarely full time,  and B) can be done by anyone with no skill or training. As a result they pay minimum wages for minimum skill. The argument that full time jobs should have a different minimum wage than part time jobs is another matter entirely."
 "Needles."
 "My dog howls at me when I talk to her. It's funny. "
 "I really don't think it matters that much with Beta fish, I just think you might have been unlucky, in my experience it's a crap shoot with how long they live. I had one last me 3 and a bit years, and then one that lasted like 6 months. And I was like 10, so I wasn't exactly the most caring owner.  "
 "The three main characters of GTA V, Rico from Just Cause and my minecraft character... this will be interesting."
 "That's the thing, we DON'T know it isn't happening."
 "More arms!!"
 "Debt can be a good thing at times.  "
 "Meat! Sandwich!"
 "If there's an a, you're definitely an a-hole."
 "I've been studying Arabic casually this year and it's really a beautiful language. There are so many words which have deeper meanings that many languages simply do not have in their vocabulary. "
 "Reputable news sources won't stick out their necks to report that there's nothing to worry about, 1. because it's not exciting news and 2. because they don't want to risk being held liable if they're wrong.  If I were you (and you live on the west coast), I'd register on www.netc.com (so that I'm alerted if levels get too high), and take minor precautions (follow instructions on said website). However I'd still go out and enjoy the New Year! Just maybe try not staying outdoors too long. :/"
 "I give Mountain Dew credit and blame for my diabetes diagnosis.  I was pissing so much (diabetes does that) that I was thirsty all the time, so I drank more Dew.  Sometimes as much as a 12 pack a day.  I finally complained to my doctor about getting up 3 times a night to piss.  Getting tested for diabetes is DEAD SIMPLE, and the results are instant. He wouldn't let me leave the office until I had an appointment scheduled with an endocrinologist.  I stopped all softdrinks that day, and controlling the diabetes has been very easy for me.  I'm not nearly fat enough to get type-2 without a genetic predisposition, but I could have lived another 20 years without symptoms if it hadn't been for Mountain Dew."
 "It was old, but not cheap. The type of locks that can be opened this way usually have a curve on one side of the part that locks into the frame. This one was a rectangle, so there was no way to slide anything in."
 "What the hell is going on here?"
 "Empire at War with the Forces of Corruption expansion."
 "My birthday is September 18, and school started at the beginning of September where we lived, so I couldn't go to kindergarten when I was in the early months of being 5. My mother took me in to the principal's office to try to convince him that I should be allowed to go to kindergarten in spite of being only 4 when the school year started. The principal denied her request, and when he asked me what I thought of it, I told him it was an insult to my intelligence. I learned to read at age 3. He agreed that I should be in kindergarten, but rules were rules, so I wasn't allowed in until I was nearly 6."
 "I see you, Arrested Development username"
 "Just start off with a big lovesac and add 20 or so pillows."
 "I bought 3 bitcoin when they first came out."
 "i was playing with short story ideas for awhile and i had a bunch of scenarios about a [Salvage kind of reclusive but mischievous inventor who makes some crazy, super cheap spaceship technology breakthroughs.  Anyway, there were a bunch where the guy kept showing up on Mars at night when the rover was powered down and placing giant South Park blow-up dolls on each point of the compass around the rover with \"Parker/Stone for President\" or something of that nature.    The clown from It...    A Buddy Jesus...   a big poster of the goatse meme   A lawn jockey...    Thousands of lawn flamingos...   A big, potted marijuana plant...   Packer paraphernalia...  Or have the protaganist put a gorilla suit over his space suit and wander by *(with the communication lag, he'd be gone before NASA could send a 'follow that ape' program)*.  Was trying to focus on sci/eng ideas but ALWAYS wound up spending hours coming up with different things/signs to place and thinking absurdly deeply about world reactions."
 "The most recent tear-jerker moment for me was Wreck-It Ralph, during the scene where Ralph has to destroy Vanellope's kart. The animation and scripting of the sequence, and the performances of Sarah Silverman and John C. Reilly were so heart-felt and genuine, it hit the feels just right that I shed a single manly tear.   Another memorable one, though not from a movie, was in my early teens. The Mother's Day Episode of Rugrats.  "
 "None have passed yet. "
 "This comment requires more detail."
 "What do you think?  I have a thick skin.  Speak your mind.  Expand on it a bit.  No need to be short.  I'm a good listener.  Be honest in a respectful and courteous way.  Leave me with some dignity.  I'm one of the good guys.  I'm a team player and a good sport.  We're on the same side.  I'm actually a very smart guy.  Simple Simon.  Hear me out."
 "damn it :("
 "That's true, but your last statement drastically overstates the impact.  It sounds like your saying all businesses outside of a monopoly would be unable to sell their product at an increased cost."
 "Stop using Reddit."
 "They are for knowing weather it's a fart or a shit"
 "***EXPLODIUM PATRECTO!***"
 "Run on sentence anyone?"
 "Just breathe."
 "I have the friend's part down haha. Was there a specific moment/setting where things changed for you?"
 "would you like to making fuck?"
 "Lift with your knees, not with your back.  I'm spending New Years Eve unable to stand on my own."
 "The end of that episode had me in tears. So good. "
 "I get even more annoyed by people with expensive DSLRs with hotshoe flashes who don't know when to turn the flash off, seems worse to me than PS shooters because why spend so much money on gear you have no idea what to do with?  Example: At a zoo in front of an exhibit with a metal grid fence or highly reflective glass window, takes photos flashing away with a giant speedlite pointed directly in front, despite the fact that all he or she is doing is annoying the animal and getting photos that are either just a mess of overexposed white or at best wrecking the contrast (if they are smart enough to be focusing beyond the barrier, which I'll assume they aren't).  There's almost no good reason to use flash at a zoo as the animals are almost always either too far from you for the flash to matter, or if they are close there is a barrier that is just going to reflect the flash.  The only instance it kind of makes sense is to have some fill flash when taking a photo of people in front of an exhibit when shooting towards the sun, but I've never seen that happen.  Not to mention it is just kind of rude to flash animals with light all day long.  "
 "Yeah,  I was expecting that.  Of course,  I never want anyone to abort a wanted child. I want people who don't want children to have access to good birth control,  preferably two methods,  so they can choose when they are ready to get pregnant.  I also think that abortion should be legal so that nobody should have to raise an unwanted child. I think having a child should always be a choice you get to make,  and never something you're forced to do. Of course poor people shouldn't alley children they want.  My parents were dirt poor.  But they wanted me,  and I never went hungry or without a roof over my head,  and was always loved.   "
 "That just means people with cats are wrong. Dogs fo life, son."
 "What do you now? Industry? "
 "New South Wales elected a terrible government for Australia. "
 "Get your GED and complete rehab. "
 "Doesn't everything cost much more in Australia? "
 "Know that thing you think you're good at?   Yeah, there are like thousands of people better than you. "
 "Whetes the prank? My dad eats bowls of horsradish and wasabi all the time...."
 "Unlike Coventry!"
 "[EPA Shuts Down Local Ghost-Entrapment "S_T?"
 "It's kind of a personal rule of mine to just not.  It'll come up every now and again but I feel creepy and just think of something else."
 "Well in New England, granite is kinda everywhere. So I thought this for a long time because granite is as plentiful as dirt and we don't appreciate it at all."
 "Dexter's Lab. I imagine it set ten years in the future; Dexter is a social outcast whose speech impediment and eccentric behavior make him an easy target for ridicule.  His sister, a typical popular high school student, is cold in her regard to him.  His parents don't have the attention span or maturity to understand his genius.  These circumstances slowly push him towards planning his revenge..."
 "shit makes me so angry"
 "i married him when i was very young, and he was very controlling.i was unhappy for a number of years, he cheated on me too. "
 "and reddit?  Happy Cake Day btw."
 "My ear feels wet so it must be her face."
 "Everyone needs a livable wage, so these jobs don't get done.  I'm fine with it."
 "My husband gets bored of my trivial or whiny bullshit sometimes, but he tells me or is obviously not paying attention.   He doesn't show boredom if it's obviously of higher importance to me though. "
 "you fucked it all up man        Smoke and a pancake (Cigarette and a flapjack)       Cigar and a waffle        Pipe and a Crepe        Bong and a Blintz"
 "3deep5me"
 "Spanish.   Because California. "
 "Holy shit my aunt does this. She keeps a bag of candy on her at all times and rewards him like a dog....kid is going to get diabetes. "
 "I know I'm not in my state anymore!  No, I'm not lost. Also, farms."
 "Is bananas."
 "Trolling pornstars on efukt "
 "I remember being 18, as well. IT WAS THE BOMB. Any tiny amount of money over minimal rent (because you live in a dorm or the hood), any kind of fancy food better than plain spaghetti and tomato sauce, ramen, etc, any (ANY) car that would start and you owned outright- boom. You're a king. "
 "I sneeze on people on purpose. Mostly to be mean and intrusive with no legal ramifications. Or I'll sneeze on the person I'm with for fun."
 "I distinctly remember getting the shit slapped out of me for saying \"Fuckleberry Hinn\" when I was a kid."
 "Wally; Wallydraigle   Not exactly a curse word, but it is an insult.   Many years ago my cousin dated a guy named Wally.  He was a washed up drunk that was always mean to her.  I told her that if you looked him up in the dictionary, you would find he is a loser. (I was only 12 at the time; clearly not great at creative insults). Looked it up, sure enough, it means a slovenly creature. "
 "Xiaolin Showdown."
 "I will say I had a dope cashier try to scold me without being to offensive. By pointing out my 1 bag of ten apples plus 2 other things is more than 10 items, \"but I suppose I'll allow it this time.\" Bitch, you're gonna enter the bag all at once. That should count as 1 item then in that situation in my book. "
 "Sesame street."
 "Splitting wood. You don't use an axe. An axe is for *cutting* wood. You use a [wood for splitting wood."
 "Cigarettes"
 "Everytime i ask this question on reddit i get this same answer(i have probably asked this sort of question at least 5 times). Either you are all lying or you guys are really rare and just by chance i've encountered a lot like you on reddit.  I don't know where you come from but out of people i know personally, the only one who gives to any sort of charity is my mom. Well she gives to church.   This leads me to believe you guys are a rareity.  "
 "Oh, ours is very advanced and everything is automatic and scanning the wrong thing will screw everything up at my store. For example, scanning 5 of the wrong soup will cause the backroom to pull 5 of that soup to fill the floor, which is then carried to the floor and back to the backroom because we didn't actually sell those 5, and the backroom has to rebackstock it. Meanwhile, the 5 we DID sell will sit empty, because the system doesn't know we sold it."
 "Sorry, man :( Thats rough. I knew it wasn't going to work with my boyfriend back in February. I just found out he was emotionally cheating (sexting) a few other girls Christmas morning.\rI could have saved myself so much heartache."
 "el hombre blanco es estupido*"
 "Why were you with these people on a rather important day, if you didn't really know them?"
 "Give us bigger dicks. Actually, just give me a bigger dick."
 "Most people haven't done so."
 "ITT: 'Merica"
 "Shibe/doge. "
 "OK, fair enough."
 "sorry, he only gets domed"
 "being self-centered. "
 "You must be an honest chap"
 "You have to screenshot that, and then make it into a powerpoint. You then have to present the powerpoint and click the hyperlink.  What are we? Savages?"
 "I swore to myself that I'd never east a spaghetti taco because it was on icarly :o"
 "You could probably count to a pretty high number."
 "do what you want, harm no one... and only an idiot would harm themselves."
 "\"In an ideal world I would have all ten fingers on my left hand so my right hand could just me a fist for punching.\" - Dwight K Schrute"
 "\"adhering to a moral code...no matter how heinous\"....you can't commit morally heinous actions, they contradict each other by definition.   i will concede that PART of the definition of having integrity is staying true to beliefs, but it's not staying true to unethical or immoral beliefs....if what you say is true, then hitler, caligula, stalin, pol pot, columbus, bin laden, idi amin, king leopold, etc... were all people of integrity"
 "I agree. A basic cell phone or pay-as-you-go or even a landline phone I would consider a necessity - but smartphones and internet are luxuries."
 "Goldbond the green kind. It's a secret every man holds.   It feels like your ass and balls just smoked a menthol cigarette. "
 "UK?"
 "Budweiser.  (Cut me some slack. I'm just starting out tonight)"
 "Clean your house."
 "First half yes (til end of july) rest of the end no b/c I lost my great job and went back to square 1 in my career field"
 "You mean if mechanization becomes cheap enough. That happens way faster than wages rise these days. "
 "I would like to learn Latin Spanish as I would like to one day travel all of South America by Motorcycle with my Brother-in-Law who is from Ecuador."
 "Congratulations to both of you!!! :)"
 "Fax Cruise."
 "Also, KOTOR 2. Kreia was the first character that really made me question the morality of being an all-powerful \"Good\" hero character."
 "Last year when I got stoned for the first time. I faceplanted on my way to the bathroom, ruined my friend's table cloth which I accidentally tried to take with me to the floor and had a great time at least half of that time. I can't remember the other half. :("
 "This is probably your last chance to shock the hell out of them, so frankly, I'd be tempted to just drop it like a bomb right out of nowhere. Like, having a nice meal together, talking about something random... then there's a lull in the conversation and you say \"I'm pregnant\" with no warning whatsoever.  LOL... but I'm a little evil sometimes, that's how I told my folks I'd enlisted. No warning at all, then suddenly, \"I enlisted today and I leave in six weeks. Want some coffee?\""
 "Way to take what I said out of context :P. Of course it's harmful, I meant it's no big deal if you chew to other people as long as you clean your mouth real well before you have sex and kiss and all that."
 "There's a now semi-famous singer who does solo acts about getting drunk, partying, general alcoholic shenanigans, and the joys of being a lush. I met her once at a party in Pittsburgh (this particular singer went to undergrad in that city). She was extremely awkward, unfriendly, and visibly, palpably refusing to drink any alcoholic beverage whatsoever. I didn't engage her at all because I didn't know her at the time, but that's the vibe I got from her and the people around her. She had a posse of two awkward hipster dudes following her around but mostly she was just standing there hoping for people to recognize her.  tl;dr Surprise, artists put on a persona."
 "My girlfriend's cat doesn't have a tail, which makes it adorable.  It also means that its balance is pretty awful, which is always entertaining.  The thing is so clumsy.  I can't count the number of times it has tried to jump on to things only to hilariously fail. My favorite is when it walks on the back of the couch and just falls off."
 "Hmm, good idea. I like the way you think."
 "Not really. Only 51% of the people have to vote yes in order for the minimum wage laws to pass. That is not everyone. It is not really a contract either. The business owners are making a promise to pay a certain wage, and in return they are allowed to conduct business, however they were already allowed to conduct business so they really get no compensation in return, thus the min wage law is not a legitimate legal contract. "
 "It's like the best hug you've ever had, amplified by 10. Also wet."
 "The feelings I still have for my ex even after she moved on.    As someone that has a lot of sex and never really bonded with other people in general, it's hard for me to love and open up and even harder for me to get over it. Maybe I should just stick to fwb and NSA relationships"
 "So how's that working out for ya?"
 "and hats."
 "You can get raging drunk."
 "the people who use tap water, untreated....."
 "There are giggles and then there is laughing.  If they are giggling its a good thing."
 "That's the joke. I'm sure you **sincerely** believe that all Americans are morbidly obese, but, it's just a joke."
 "reminds me of this "But if you were constipated you could just massage it out!"
 "You see,  I rarely am sorry. But it is better to apologise than just leave it. It means, wow I did not mean for you to get so upset. "
 "Spotify membership. "
 " I swear to God, so many men do this I'm like THIS IS NOT A CONTEST TO SEE WHOSE MOUTH CAN OPEN WIDER!! You win, okay?! You win! Stop it!  I'm laughing out loud - but you're right! I have experienced this and Stone Mouth with SO VERY MANY MEN. Also, tongue suckers (I don't like that) and one guy who really grooved on licking my teeth in a way that completely grossed me out. I'm sure many women do weird, off-putting things when kissing, too, but these seem to be things I have seen over and over in men, enough for it to be a thing.  My BF kisses all soft and lippy and is wonderfully non-snakey. Part of why I was drawn to him right off the bat."
 "I'll be your girlfriend for $200 000. You get 20% off. "
 "holy shit, that's like, 90% of reddit. "
 "What is Gold?  Baby don't hurt me."
 "That being a full time income is just crazy for us. Minimum in Germany for full time is about 1300 after taxes. Usual income is about 1800 after taxes. A friend of mine, who did an apprenticeship for three years as something similar to an accountant get about 2400 after taxes.   For comparison: A simple little apartment for 1 person will cost you around 400 to 600 depending on where you live. Food will be about 150 a mounth for a single person. Let's add sidecosts like internet and phone for like 100 a month. That would be a max of 850. If we would go by the minimum income of 900 you would still have 50 left."
 "I never learned how to type 'using the home keys'. My hands fly all over the place when I type, but I type comfortably at about 80 words per minute."
 "Filipino, so I can finally figure out what my Mom, Aunt, and cousin are all gossiping about."
 "went shopping, couldn't find the shoes i wanted. came home and browsed reddit for like 5 hours. took a shower, and am now in the process of getting shitfaced alone in my bedroom."
 "Shit'll buff out. "
 "Would you rather have dicks for fingers or dicks down your spine, one on each vertebra? "
 "Oh my god thank you. I started dating this cute blonde chick recently and things started picking up. My buddy from college is in this up-and-coming band and I found out from her Spotify playlist that she happened to be a big fan (we were critiquing each other's playlists). Coincidentally he was in town to do a show, and so I surprised her with tickets to see my buddy's band perform...as our third date. Needlesstosay she was floored when I surprised her.  So why the fack would she be texting some other person (either her friend or some other dude) the entire time we were at the concert, while I was standing next to her? Paid more attention to her sms penpal than to her date (i.e. me). I counted ten different instances where I could have left and she wouldn't have noticed. Oh I see you're laughing to yourself...did that person send a funny text message??? That's cute! I'm so happy for you!  And we're not talking one or two text messages. It was the entire time.  By the end of the show, I was so turned off. I stuck her in a cab (she gave a bewildered look when I didnt want to go back to her place) and stopped responding to her text messages all together. Sorry not sorry."
 "It's reddit history, friend. As long as this place exists, so will the cumbox."
 "Says the guys who might want to fuck a handsome cow...  Edit: i suppose i should explain a little. sometimes when i'm drunk i like to res tag people... i have him tagged as \"Might want to fuck a handsome cow\" and i have no idea why."
 "So I'm heading into battle with Mario, Donkey Kong, Q-Bert and 2 guys from tecmo bowl. Shit. I'm fucked AND old. "
 "* Katy Perry  * P!NK  * Otep Shamaya  * Lindsey Stirling  * Rasputina  * Maria Brink  * Amy Lee  Man crushes:  * Thurl Ravenscroft  * Frank Sinatra  * Marilyn Manson  * Corey Taylor  * Jim Morrison"
 "If you play guitar, practice. And don't just take five seconds, I mean, if you REALLY want to play guitar, for six hours. Daily. I don't care what rationalizations you have, I was in high school with great gades with a job and I practiced six hours a day and now I'm pretty good. Also, never EVER stop learning new genres you can throw in for awesome styles.  **Resources:**  [Pebber Brown, taught Buckethead, has enough material for 12 hours but keeps 6 online for free] Letchford of Scale the Summit. His books aren't free but holy balls they work you out. It's like P90X for your hands] Letchford book 2] guide to tapping, including chord tapping] ADVANTAGE OF YOUTUBE LESSONS!!! Paul Gilbert, Guthrie Govan, Pebber Brown, Satchel, Joe Satriani all have hundreds, if not THOUSANDS of lessons you can learn from!!   And lastly, it's like BUD/S training for Navy SEALS: You'll never get there if you look at the big picture, you'll flake out. Take it one step at a time and focus on just what you plan on doing that day."
 "TIL Reddit hates drivers and people at grocery stores. "
 "We're not talking about Cities...we're talking about women."
 "I live in America... Ummm what is the character limit on Reddit posts? Anyone?"
 "My kids got an early education ( 6  8 at the time) on 9-11. we live in NY. I lost family and friends.  They were immersed in death and sadness by default.  it was a terrible time and there was lots of conversation."
 "I'm trying to gain weight tho!"
 "It was? Well then, there goes my love of them...    That's a deal breaker."
 "A savings account "
 "Of course not, but I wouldn't even have sex with someone who has an STD/STI with a condom."
 "I always liked X-Wing because I'm partial to the Rebels, but the truth is TIE Fighter did everything better graphically and technically."
 "Performing a four way stop correctly is a prime example of anarchy in action: people do the safe, sensible, orderly thing without a policeman watching over them and preparing to lock them up if they screw up.  Sincerly, A person who gets annoyed when people misuse the term 'anarchy'"
 "Most states can pay you less if you are under 18.  For example the minimum wage here is $8.25 an hour but if you are under 18 it is $7.75."
 "Just slap an instagram filter on that shit, fixes everything. "
 "Not living beyond my means."
 "I just want some nails that stop growing at a good length. Or at least make it a little easier to cut my dominant hand, its so hard to get a good cut!"
 "Canada does operate a postal code to answer santa's "No emotional attachment, no one gets hurt. "
 "just downloaded this because of you. thanks"
 "Single standard deduction coupled with your personal exemption for a person that is filing single comes out to around 9500-9800 the last few tax filing seasons. You deduct that directly from your adjusted gross income automatically to find taxable income, so making $14,986 for a year would be at most $5,000 taxable income. The marginal tax rate on that is 10%, which means you'd have a max of $500 tax owed for the year with no other credits or deductions. That equals a max federal liability of about 3%."
 "Thanks for the motivation!"
 "He's a sea cucumber."
 "leftover vodka mixed with mountain dew!"
 "Using internet explorer. I see my sister and mom do there browsing on it for some reason"
 "SORRY!!!"
 "I do agree with you about simply \"feeling\" sympathetic. I share your opinion that believing \"taking pity\" is enough to qualify as caring is narcissistic and lazy.   I also apologize if I was in any way combative in my comments. Let's simply agree to disagree, my friend. Thanks for the conversation and thanks for handling it maturely. Have a good night (or day)!"
 "[Apple Introduces Revolutionary New Laptop With No "Good hair is good.  And always work what you got. ;)"
 "French as I learned it in school but lost much of my ability."
 "Don't disappoint me"
 "right here and now you can't afford to survive on minimum wage.  Yes, you can in many places in the US. I could easily even with my relatively high rent for the area.  I might have to cut out cable, internet and my cell phone but I could easily make do with minimum wage where I'm at.  Minimum wage is not supposed to mean you can have a ton of extras and raise a family."
 "I now run for London's #1 running club, its insane!!! \"fuck yeah!\""
 "Buy reddit gold for people in celebration."
 "some police officers do care and will do something! my dad is a cop and i've seen him 'arrest' people for doing it, mainly just to scare them and teach them a lesson. He did smash in someones window as well because it was 40 degrees and one of the dogs was in significant distress. When the person came out he just pretended he thought it was a child in the car, which therefore is allowed. Obviously this was after waiting for over an hour and getting people to page the guy time and time again. Shitty thing was he wasn't even regretful. "
 "2-3 times a week for periods of roughly 4-6 hours."
 "Stop whining and move on"
 "Do other things, you mean like live with your parents when you're 16 like the post *said*?"
 "I bet he loves those guns..."
 "Toronto, and it wasn't popular, just that my area had enough teams to compete."
 "I don't need a team. Last game I played was Dark Souls. What do I need a team for when my companion can't ever die? My enemy will go insane before my undead falls. "
 "**LIFT WITH YOUR LEGS, NOT WITH YOUR BACK**"
 "Fun Fact: What makes you sneeze is dust mite shit."
 "Ah. Why thank you. I hereby release your love, go forth and give it to whomever you please. Bring health and joy to others, and live a long and happy life."
 "Knights of the Old Republic hands down. Not only was it a great story with a good game mechanics system (the D20 Modern system, AKA DD 3.5), it FELT like Star Wars. The setting, the characters, the music - everything about that game felt like a classic Star Wars movie."
 "Partying with Reddit, watching Step Brothers and I'm halfway through a jar of Nutella. I'm clearly living the dream."
 "This what I was saying. I think \"too early\" is different for every person, that's why I didn't say \"before 30\" or something like that. But I agree with you entirely."
 "Okay so question then, why can countries like Australia have such a high minimum wage, and still maintain a high quality of life?"
 "Thats really good if you can even read just a little bit. Don't give up on learning the language it will open up a lot of opportunities. Its a beautiful language might even get you laid if used properly. "
 "Are you Latvian? :-)"
 "There was a convicted pedophile that did an AMA a year or two ago that said this."
 "If I had enough money for gold I still probably wouldnt give it to you because I cant really afford that but hey, you deserve it."
 "It might help that I'm 6'2, but I stand in the middle of the doors right next to them when it's my floor to get out. I've had a number of people jump back and yelp when they try to just walk in.  A lot of times they're not really assholes, just so caught up in their own world they forget other people exist for a while. I remind them that we do."
 "Battery wouldn't stay charged, the alternator had an erratic output voltage (confirmed with a multimeter)."
 "Wow. I'm really sorry. What a horrible day to find out something that horrible. "
 "Got caught redhanded air guitaring and dancing around my room once. Was kinda embarrassing. "
 "First and foremost liveable needs to be defined. Say a couple desideds to have 4 kids, they put themselves outside of a liveable range for the income that would otherwise be liveable. "
 "This is usually what happens to me. I know I'm not supposed to stop on the on-ramp, but I'm not going to just go ahead at speed when I can see that a car is coming and not moving over. I don't know why it's so hard for people on the highway to just move left when they're passing an on-ramp."
 "That makes two of us"
 "Ryan Gosling.  I'm hetero, except for that man..."
 "Proud of that. "
 "Governments will only be as responsible as the people hold them to account. So, if it's important, make it an issue.  The only thing most governments care about are votes in the next election."
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "I don't do anything for NYE - I always get really depressed on NYE and generally don't want to do anything or see anyone until a few days later."
 "I think it's actually a fairly true sentiment. Happiness comes from lack of craving and aversion."
 "Is this \"Unidan is a Fake\" thing turn into another \"Paul is dead\"?"
 "The history channel has aired a lot in the last 10 years."
 " Gladiator fights. Death races.   I feel this way about all the gang warfare. Bring them all in to an arena. Give them all the weapons they want. Let them fight it out. It could be the pay per view event of a lifetime. "
 "If you're not a programmer: write, compile and run your first \"Hello World!\" program. Bonus points if you do it while hammered drunk."
 "Introvert by nature, extrovert by necessity. "
 "Start taking 20 push-ups every night. Every month you increase it with 10 (or 5). In no tile at all you'll look and feel alot better. "
 "It's a shame we can't trade in karma for cash. Mine would be modest, but not a tremendously shabby amount.  Why are you on reddit at the moment? I don't think I saw your answer."
 "Will the monks get cooties? "
 "I love when people stand 2 people to a step and hold hands and just at the end one turns around and sees the 6 people behind them trying to walk by."
 "How much of that is just noobs doing a cock  repost, though?"
 "oee ____!!!"
 "I do this on accident all the time"
 "Why? Did I not get the memo about 2014?"
 "That's pretty awesome. I'd have enjoyed a system like that."
 "I understand, I even gave the example of pin and pen, or pig and peg, I know it is widely accepted. It is quite different from their, and there because those words do sound exactly the same and that is correct. I did not include they're because it doesn't sound *exactly* like their or there, just similar. "
 "Be kind, helpful, understanding, and forgiving to others and yourself."
 "Emma Watson"
 "Haha thank you I have been to many docs and specialists. I think we got a treatment for me all hammered out. I have bad days but I haven't thrown up from a migraine in about a year and a half. This is so great because for a while I was throwing up 3 to 4 times a week from severe headache. I didn't know anything really about migraines when it began. It all came on kinda suddenly but it matches that good old family history haha. I haven't been to the ER for a migraine in... I can't remember! So it is good! I have been improving everyday :) thank you so much for your concern though! A lot of people don't know how serious they can be and how dehydrated you can get when the instant you swallow water it comes back up. It's insane haha. So glad I haven't thrown up in a long time. I hated it XD but yeah. It's better now!"
 "Christopher Lee is the oldest person, at 91, to make the Billboard Hot 100... and he did so with a heavy metal "Reddit. Eating pizza and hot wings. With my two dogs."
 "It's kind of the reason why I supported anonymous as much as I did when they said they were tired of football players getting away with everything.  I enjoy sports and all but there are way too many scumbags who escape judgement because they are \"a team leader\" or whatever."
 "Met John Michael Montgomery once, while he was out shopping. (What? He's kind of a celebrity.) He was wearing camo shorts, brown penny loafers, black socks pulled up over his ankles, and an orange jacket. It was glorious."
 "If i blurted it out here, a lot of other people would know it."
 "edit: where*"
 "Removing shoes upon entering a Japanese room/home: Do NOT remove your shoes and then step on the dirty entrance floor with your socks/bare feet. This defeats the whole purpose of removing your shoes! Instead, slip off one shoe, place that foot on the room's (clean) floor, then slip off the other shoe and step completely into the room."
 "22, i wasnt ready to get married at that time."
 "Are you a sea cucumber?"
 "Holy shit I looked at this like 5 times to see what I did wrong... Haha touch"
 "Boots. Paladium, Cream Canvas boots. I love them."
 "I once jokingly said to a religious classmate which then spread to the other religious classmates and teacher that I didn't believe in a God. They didn't take that one lightly......"
 "going to NYC (during the gov't shutdown so i had an excuse not to do stupid touristy things) for the week between my summer semester and my fall semester."
 "#YOLO"
 "sometimes."
 "How old are you?"
 "Keep boobs though, we love our boobs.  As a guy, so de we."
 "It was one of the greatest things I've heard in my whole life."
 "Depends on the situation, both fighter and flyer last night because this guy would not stop threatening my buddies sister."
 "Portal in my room at home - other end in my dorm.  No more drives to college for me!"
 "We can't just go killing babies then we'd be playing GOD!!"
 "It's already been green "
 "Friend always sleeps in my bed with me when he comes over (Small apartment, and apparently my bed is the most comfortable thing in the world to him). This night he was drunk. Told me that if we were gay we'd totally be fucking each other. Grabbed my dick and passed out."
 "\"Expect nothing.\""
 "An anti-virus update would be great."
 "You most certainly can charge them with any amount of evidence you want. It's up to the jury to determine if it's substantial enough."
 "[Kristen "makes sense. have you ever had a friend that you *wanted* to start a fwb relationship with?"
 "The pen-pin merger is a conditional sound change that only applies before the consonants /n/ and /m/.  Words like gym-gem, him-hem, tin-ten.  It doesn't affect pig and peg because the environment doesn't cause the change.  I'm going to give you a group of words and ask you if you pronounce any of them the same as sort of a test.  * meat-meet * whine-wine * cot-caught * Kahn-con * ma-maw * talk-torque * panda-pander * brake-break * bread-bred"
 "Concur.    Don't regularly need to take taxis, and even less often use the boot when I do, but I've still seen taxis with open boots and never seen a hay bale there."
 "Bob Smith"
 "I've tried to get out of it but they get really mad when I do, acting like I'm abandoning family, even though I'm with them every other day of winter break. Gotta pick your battles when your parents are paying your tuition, so no point in rocking the boat on this one too much."
 "Never ride the DC metro then lol"
 "Don't plan the plan if you can't follow through. "
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "I was 4 so I wasn't aware of anything like that."
 "Life Line"
 "Black/Blood pudding - [From the not exclusive to the UK, but many US citizens I've spoken to often are quick to ask \"Do you eat blood pudding?\" - Having been a fussy eater for most of my childhood and adolescence, I didn't need to try it before deciding, just from the idea, that I hated it. It was surprisingly nice when I first made myself try it. I have it quite often with my saturday morning fry-ups. It's a treat with a nice runny egg and some baked beans."
 "Wait, you mean my designated Hitler WASN'T suggesting that I should have just under ten more?"
 "Worked at a old but historical hotel in Beverly Hills. I was working with only one female co-worker who, sadly, got along with close to the end of my time when I worked there. As we were getting ready to close down, she walks into our department's room and says that Tom Hanks was in the vicinity. I didn't believe her, so she pointed out where he was. I pretended to go pick up some dirty towels, and as I walk by a security guard I see sitting behind him, Tom Hanks speaking to two other elderly people."
 "yes he does, he has me punch people out randomly, hehe"
 " Oh, bonus if your doggy style - reach underneath and cup/stroke his balls. That shit is the bees knees.  ... I've never had that happen, but it sounds amazing."
 "Everyone in the united states should have too read this reply."
 "We have to use the cordon bound tool to figure out where it is "
 "At some point someone has to make a move. Just play it cool. You can be as simple as making a mildly forward comment and giving the other person a look. If you're friends with this person they'll recognize what you're up to, and will either reciprocate or not. They know your game by now so it shouldn't be too hard to put yourself out there."
 "Modern Family. Sometimes I can't tell if it is mocking the over-accepting people or just written by one."
 "26 why?"
 "I didn't backtrack munchkin. I expanded the explanation of my story because your little pea sized brain apparently couldn't wrap itself around the possibility that someone with some intelligence could figure out the minimum safe distance to drive, yet still be defined as tailgating. Next time try to get the point and not focus on one little portion that actually had nothing to do with the story.  Congratulations. You've officially achieved tag status. \"Hypercritical wannabe troll\"  I hope you're proud :)"
 "What's with reddit's hate for hipsters? At worst they're that weirdly dressed dude sitting opposite to you on subway, at best an interesting looking fellow.  What about all those gangsta types? At worst they're loud, obnoxious, in your face assholes, at best they're just making the girls in the subway feel a little less safer. Forget about hipsters, they're the ones you should be hatin on."
 "ever heard of bottoming out?"
 "If you choose the drums, please don't choose the witching hour."
 "Not if you want to retire early. "
 " Bible does not mean the lessons it holds are garbage.  Genesis 19:30-38   Come, lets have our father drink wine; then well sleep with him, and that way well enable our father to have descendants.  33 So they plied their father with wine that night, and the older one went in and slept with her father; he didnt know when she lay down or when she got up. 34 The following day, the older said to the younger, Here, I slept last night with my father. Lets make him drink wine again tonight, and you go in and sleep with him, and that way well enable our father to have descendants. 35 They plied their father with wine that night also, and the younger one got up and slept with him, and he didnt know when she lay down or when she got up. 36 Thus both the daughters of Lot became pregnant by their father."
 "Props to the salesman for not selling to him."
 "Stop by the BenJerry's factory when you come through Vermont."
 "Say what?"
 "Spencer made them all the time :/ I'm sorry for ruining your love 3:"
 "Bwhahahahaha read the books!!! "
 "Paying bills. "
 "If were doing men, Ryan Gosling no doubt. Women its gotta be Arianna Grande"
 "Well favourite old song I discovered this year was Poison by Bel Biv Devoe while binge watching Scrubs"
 "THE Boulder is excited at this proposition"
 "\"Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the bank, and of having nothing to do: once or twice she had peeped into the book her sister was reading, but it had no pictures or conversations in it, 'and what is the use of a book,' thought Alice 'without pictures or conversation?'\" - Lewis Carroll's Alice's Adventures in Wonderland"
 "Might want to check for diabetes ?"
 "I can't believe I didn't think of this one. Oddly, it wasn't the scene that everyone else thinks of, in the dump, but the very last scene that got to me.  I had just finished my college degree at the time, so the message was extremely relevant to me. That last scene where Andy gives Woody and the gang to Bonnie, and then spends the day playing with her and his old friends from his childhood. Then, as he's leaving, he takes that one last glance back at Woody... Dammit... You got me... :'&lt;"
 "I'm crazy over her. I like those trademark Minnie Mouse style dresses she wears. "
 "Went on a road trip from Ohio to Los Angeles. First time I had been further west than Cincinnati, really made me feel braver."
 "about what?  I like pretty much only like cars.  I can't think of anything else I really enjoy.  I have never met a woman that really likes cars.  And if she does, she's already taken.  "
 "I wish. ~30. Though I'm in Eastern Europe so that may be a factor, too.  I'm trying not to get too hung up on what works for others, but there comes a moment where you just can't take it anymore. You look at all those vapid bunnies with their \"strategies\" and \"tricks\" and \"playing hard to get\" and \"guys like this\" and \"guys dislike that\" and you see them venerated and showered with attention and time and gifts and praise, while you, who approaches men like people, who has a personality and a mind and some degree of empathy and a kind heart are only good to patch up their wounded dignity after another princess leaves them in the mud. And then they tell you it's all rad, but you're a feminist so it can never happen. That's usually *after* they have sex with you because you don't play hard to get and see no problem with having the sex you both want - which is all right and a sensible and logical approach, but only *before* sex. *After* sex, you're a worthless whore and there must have been something wrong with you if you agreed so fast. Slut.  Sorry for the rant. I'm really not feeling well right now."
 "beer and watching the sky for the rapture."
 " bitstrip  I guess I am fucking old, since none of my facebook friends so this.   "
 "Its weird how american women will want to have sex and then play these weird tease games. That shit never happened to me in Latin america or Europe."
 "Snapchat"
 "Don't stick your dick in crazy!"
 "I'm that awful person who has to comment on EVERYTHING in a movie. (Quietly and only to the person I go with.) It's a problem I'm trying to work on, I promise."
 "Aaaaand we've gone meta."
 "Never fuck a friend's ex. There are too many other people in the world so why invite the drama?"
 "Make the ground move, that's an assquake "
 "Well your face is as steep as a mountain!"
 "That was fantastic, as was their whole response to 9/11.  I vaguely remember 'Cedar Rapids Library Beefs Up Security'  I think it was really clear that they took that issue after 9/11 very seriously, in that they nailed the humor perfectly by doing their job of NOT taking things seriously."
 "Is that some sort of reference I'm not catching? I feel like I've seen \"affluenza\" more than a couple of times in the last few days"
 "Rising wages makes automation cheaper, relatively speaking. Automation only needs top be cheaper than what you would pay a person or people to do the job. "
 "Someone needs to work flipping burgers.  No, they don't. That job could very easily be automated and the employee dropped entirely. Right now, there isn't the incentive to. If you raise minimum wage too much it would make far more economic sense to just automate it and it would not take long at all."
 "Depends how much Adderall you take."
 "1. Speak clearly- If you're rushing through your words, all I can do is ask you to repeat yourself. Conversely, speaking in an exaggeratedly slow voice as if I can't understand English isn't going to get you anywhere.  2. Respect the agent- (Mainly for technical support) I don't really care how many years you've done [x] or how many years you've done [y]. You're still calling for help, and acting too high and mighty won't get the help any quicker. Understand that I am a person, with a job, just like you. Pleasant for everyone involved.  3. Be Honest- (Once again, tech related) If I asked you what you were doing prior to the issue, don't say \"nothing at all\" if you were going into the computer trying to make your own configuration changes. Most things out of the norm are easily seen.  4. Work with me; not against me- We can establish two things from your phone call: 1, you have a problem. 2, you need assistance. I am here to assist you. If I recommend trying something that you don't believe will work, why not try it anyway? Why go against the grain? Also, if you've done your own troubleshooting prior to calling, don't get mad at the beginning of the call when I ask you to try something you've already done. Please communicate all steps you've taken to resolve the issue, and we can move forward from there.  5. Asking for Supervisors- Often, callers believe 1st level agents have *no* authority whatsoever, and often request a supervisor when they can't get their way. Sometimes, that is the best method of action. Sometimes there *are* special permissions they have to resolve whatever the issue may be. However, \"demanding\" the supervisor, or ignoring the agent until they get the supervisor is no way to go about it. I'm more inclined to ask my supervisor to do everything they can to help a caller when the caller is polite. But when you're mad about something that is out of my control and take it out on me, I'm less inclined to be a well-wisher.  6. Writing/Contacting the CEO/head of company or contacting the company's Social Networking sites- While I am not personally a fan of people who do this, it does get results. When complaints are filed with the board of chairmen (at least in my current company) they are passed down a chain of supervisors to be handled as soon as possible. Inquiries to our social networking sites are also taken care of through their own escalation channel. The reason I say I'm not a fan of this is because often users will exaggerate the issue, making it seem like no agent whatsoever attempted to resolve the matter for them, was rude to them, etc. If you're honest with your inquiry; coolbeans. If not; way to be a dick.  &lt;/rant"
 "You're an animal, my best 2 mile was 14:34. You make me look like poo."
 "Patriotism is not bad as such. The only time i get annoyed when a person puts other counties down then say theirs is better (especially if they are a guest in another country)"
 "Go to college. "
 "Has anyone ever proposed minimum wages based on age? So you can get high schoolers working for 7.50 and college age kids working for 10 but not have to accommodate for high schoolers when dealing with the minimum wage for adults?"
 "Wait.... There Are other websites?"
 "Barney, show the kids after they get out of prison."
 "Wait... how is that not illegal?  They sound like horrible people... electric collar? I didn't even know those exist outside of stupid Hollywood movies, and I'd definitely never put one on anything that has the capability to feel pain."
 "Ugh this bloody show. I'm a physics major. I am NOT fucking Sheldon."
 "Is just smellz."
 " Jeep Grand Cherokees with quadra drive II have this. But who even owns one of those???"
 "Gold. Would you like some?"
 "Little rhetorical, isn't it? "
 "And in my case to gain weight. Let's both end up on that healthy sweetspot "
 "There is a picture of a 64gb, ScanDisk microSD card on the front page of /r/pics right now...  (I'll admit, I neither upvoted, nor down voted it, because, it kinda does blow my mind also) "
 "I think it's going to a rough divorce, but I'll be alright."
 "Fatal Attraction."
 "She wasn't making any blanket statements, just talking about what she wants. As if you are sitting there being all preachy and generic and 'oh but communication' and when someone says specifically what *they* want, that's wrong?   When you put so much pressure on the act of orgasm, people shy away from sex because it's too intimidating.  Well I guess that could happen but it sounds like a blanket statement to me. Whilst I agree that focus on orgasm is not always a good thing it's really up to the two people having sex to decide what they want, that time."
 "It looks like you failed to ask a question in your title. Double check everything, including punctuation, and try posting again.   * **If you're wanting to tell a story or explain something, please try /r/Self.**  * **If you're needing advice of any kind, try /r/Answers or /r/needadvice**  * **If you're looking for something that has slipped your mind, try /r/TipOfMyTongue.**  Anything else not covered try one of the subreddits mentioned in our sidebar that better suits your needs.  If you need more clarification, or feel this was an error, please contact the mods and provide a link to this post, thanks!   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "It's analogous to religious fanaticism. "
 "\"Life is what you make out of it!\""
 "I run the phones, handle accounts receivable, track mileage, gas, income/expenses, write the pay checks, order parts for trucks that need repair, completely revamped the filing systems, digitized their system, do invoices, do billing, find clients, email, proofreading, clean, prepare the system to run more smoothly in the new year, work with Microsoft Office and QuickBooks,  travel plans, scheduling, problem solving.   If you want to make good money in this field, I suggest you get an associate's degree in administrative professional or related. It requires a lot of software, technology and amazing people skills to be an administrative professional theses days. "
 "I never partied or did social stuff in highschool so it wouldn't be missing much."
 "Pumpkin spice latte it is. "
 "I don't own a TV, and it's actually more like "Just one? Too many to choose from."
 "Holy shit."
 "i guess you can always sell crack"
 "Pistol shrimp. Bang bang!"
 "[Radiated men will eat the flesh of radiated men  "
 "The language of love.     Who am I kidding I'd learn Klingon"
 "Good point."
 "This just comes back to subsidizing corporations. If there is no difference to me, an employee, between $1 and $10 per hour, every employer will pay $1, leaving the government to pay all of the wages."
 "As an American: How do I roundabout?"
 "Don't go to college."
 "Oh, God. *Penis nipples.*"
 "Star Wars Episode One Racer for N64. It was my favorite because the cart had double eeprom for the save and you could use this as a boot cartridge with the cd64 backup unit and use the boot cart eeprom to save your backups loaded that used that save format as well. There was about 6 or so carts that used double eeprom for the saves."
 "Walking with a cane on the injured side (I'm looking at you House). This puts significantly more weight over your injured side when you lean onto the cane.   Source: girlfriend is a physical therapist"
 "Regret is unprofessional."
 "Cheese. Stop and think about how it's made."
 "DRINK WATER IT'S HEAVENLY. "
 "*? "
 "Getting tickled under my armpits."
 "my favorite of the year is probably Clarity by Zedd"
 "You could never run barefoot, you would always be slipping in your own shit."
 "RT podcast"
 "\"So it Goes\""
 "Nah, you can keep it."
 "Well I am always going to try to keep this tendril of a thread going. ignore the text, this is more important."
 "To Santa, DUHHHH I mean jeez man how old are you that you don't even know?"
 "My dad bought a couple cases of bottle water, just in case."
 "Either this one, because I'll be starting on a road trip in a few hours, or New Year's Eve of 2011, where my dad and I almost got our asses shot off by fireworks."
 "Cut out high fructose corn syrup.  Buy fancy organic sodas."
 "the reason a minimum wage worker should protest a min wage hike is because it increases the chance that they will lose their job."
 "The ability to lucid dream at will. I mean seriously, imagine living another life every time you go to bed!  (Yes, yes, I know that there are ways to do this, but they don't work for everyone)"
 "Shitty best friend. Can't she invited you along? "
 "Anyway how is your sex life?"
 "Mine grew in properly! "
 "Also her dopplebangher, Rhona "Wow, you're so cool."
 "Look at the baller with electronic side mirrors. "
 "Food/water dependence is a little restrictive. Solar/wind power would be nice. Knees need to last 40 years longer than they do. Mind needs more customizability."
 "Okay. I'm paranoid now. Is it Chi-pote-lay? Please say it is."
 "I think you will do just fine!  Just be confident in the interview process and everything will go just swell!"
 "Running.  It is kinda funny when you think of it. We walk and run all the time but some people just do it wrong.  What really annoys the hell out of me is when people do not sway their arms forward and back but do it side to side instead (sorta elbows out). When you look at them from behind you can see the upper half of their spine twisting as the body is trying to stay upright while counter-balancing their steps and I always get this uneasy feeling in my back."
 "I don't mind deep tongue, (well, not THAT deep) but yeah... if your mouth is just about to go over my nose, ask yourself, are we kissing or is this CPR?"
 "\"the system may have broken at some point\"  The system started out broken; it just took a while for the fatal flaw to manifest itself. Kind of like how you can drive a car with no oil in it for a while before you destroy the engine. Doesn't mean driving a car with no oil  starts out OK and then becomes a problem. It's always a problem, but simply takes a while before you suffer the consequences.   Economic issues often take a while for consequences to set in, so it looks like the system was good for a while and then wasn't, when really, it was bad the whole time, but you were simply getting away with it.   \"that's an entirely different conversation\"  False. Don't avoid the issue and simply refuse to talk about something just because your arguments for it are weak."
 "Can confirm.   Source: Florida resident. Most of the drivers are really old and drive too slow, or do 90 mph in a 60 with a truck that doesn't fit in one parking space."
 "Puts on tin foil hat"
 "I figure drogon bc he's such a strong dragon. One that doesn't want to be tamed. The other dragons haven't been addressed enough for me to link them to anyone else. "
 "My first thought is that you have friends and family to help you. Not everyone's appendix is going to burst at the same time.  Secondly, if world hunger could not be solved overnight by distribution of wealth, which you so adamantly say it can't, then it can only be solved by either science or some kind of mass-extermination. Lastly, I really did not think I would be insulted on a thread where I was talking about the charities I support, on an offhand remark I made, no matter how uneducated it may have been"
 "It's a gift, because it's more than he really deserves"
 "On-Off toggle for fertility  On-Off toggle for fat storage/digestion "
 "Came here knowing I'd see this."
 "I am a teacher, and it never fails that when I am on my plan, all alone in my room, I decide to let one rip.... then a colleague immediately walks into my room."
 "Fully understanding and supporting the blossoming of a fellow human being."
 "Hector, Lyn, Eliwood, a Pokemon trainer, and the QWOP guy  ... someone isn't gonna be pulling his weight  ... unless VNs count, in which case QWOP dude gets replaced by Saber from fate/stay night"
 "Using \"you're\" and \"your\" correctly "
 "Not really in the case of the United States.  Almost all minimum wage jobs here are service jobs.  It is impossible to hire someone form overseas to work at the local target / walmart / mcdonalds etc.  So companies would be forced to pay employees more."
 "Churches not paying taxes."
 "Never drink heavily in bad company."
 "Are they all psychopaths? &lt;_&lt;"
 "I took off three years and traveled and now I've been back a year. Difference this time around is I want to be there."
 "I'm going with Basil here, sorry dude."
 "How do I find a job to gain the skills? I'm barely scrapping by. I can't miss work to search for another job. I don't have expendable income to travel around, searching for a different job.  The entire point of my response was that people in a \"livable wage\" situation are never there by choice, and are often constrained by factors other than motivation. They don't have the luxury of having the funds to pursue career advancing qualities or other employment opportunities.   As for your second part of your response, if I hypothetically lost my \"livable wage\" job, I'd have to take the next available job opening. I couldn't \"find a job where I could gain experience while I work at it,\" as you put it. My demand for income would force me to take the next job - I couldn't be picky. It isn't like I would have the luxury to wait for a job that would allow be to gain skills.   Tying into my response about why I can't find a job to gain skills: I don't have the ability to shop around for a job. I can't miss work to interview, I can't travel to a new region.  My lack of funds perpetuates my \"livable wage\" situation. "
 "Last I checked you don't earn money on a video until after the first 1000 views, and they don't send out checks for less than $20.  Also the more views you get, the higher they pay per 1000 views.  Not sure how many daily views for a livable wage though."
 "When someone can't get subject-verb agreements right. :/"
 "Id say basic thought comprehension on tasks at hand"
 "Future nuns and monks will be confused."
 "Hopefully better "
 "Sure."
 "err'day err'day"
 "Eating and derping with cousins."
 "Don't forget who and whom."
 "I REALLY WANT A JETPACK"
 "hes not a complete stranger, i know him better than anyone. and he knows me the same."
 "Tom Cruise."
 "I am glad a few people got the reference!"
 "Go to an Ivy League college"
 "I was born half deaf and even though I had tubes put in my ears when I was little to fix it, I talk very loudly and I think I'm talking at typical indoor volume. I try to be as conscious about it as I can and its as bad anymore. I'm sorry, I don't do it on purpose."
 "BV- skin-crawling creepy."
 "Just how *big* the universe is, I feel tiny :("
 "I'd like to see Fairly Oddparents with a little more of an edge."
 "My dad grabs his first cup of coffee and drinks it while in the bathroom. Doesn't come out until his cup and bowels are empty. "
 "The post did say that was applicable to roughly half, you're leaving out a pretty large chunk of people there champ. "
 "The increasing test performance over time appears on every major test, in every age range, at every ability level, and in every modern industrialized country, although not necessarily at the same rate as in the United States.  [From "\"I don't get what the big stink is...\""
 "Charles De Mar's skiing advice in Better Off Dead applies to life in general: Go that way really fast. If something gets in your way, turn.  "
 "Just draw a line and fill it in close to the lash line and fix the shape with a wet q-tip. Or go to r/makeupaddiction they have some subreddits on the side that can help you."
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Last week we forgot to include homoerotic undertones in our piece on high school wrestling. The Onion regrets the omission."
 "You answered the question wrong. "
 "And world cups"
 "I know some of those words..."
 "Why would I want to intentionally put myself In a relationship wht someone who had a habit that I find repulsive? Not only that, but a habit that is slowly killing the person and costing them a lot of money. "
 "Ruddfuckers. Okay, it's just one word, but pretty much anything you can make into a dirty word is going to be worth a chuckle."
 "I can't believe nobody has said...   You couldn't catch a fish if it jumped out and slapped you in the face. "
 "Not other people, but for the longest time i used knives to open bananas, i had no idea you could open them with your hand until my friend showed me how."
 "Piss off. "
 "We all surf."
 "Dragon. You never said real."
 "4k you pleb"
 "lady, that's steep"
 "One million seconds is equivalent to 11 days, while 1 billion seconds is equivalent to 33 years. There are SEVEN BILLION people on Earth."
 "That graph you're using is dangerously misleading, and basically a perfect example of how to use true statistics to lie.  Whoever created that minimum wage graph has selected the minimum wage's all-time high as the starting point for the graph, but has not acknowledged that he has done that at all.  That creates a very misleading impression.  If you look at a [longer term you'll see that the current minimum wage is reasonably in line with long-term averages.  It's certainly not at its highs of the 60s and 70s, but it has not really fallen in the last 20 or 30 years."
 "Struggling art museum allowing visitors to touch paintings. "
 "I've seen it work, but I personally couldn't do it.  My husband and I are pretty much the same politically speaking."
 "What's a professional white person? Do they pay you to attend company ceremonies and speak in english...?"
 "You may have dipped Into the wrong soda room"
 "I'm one of those women that learned how to orgasm when I was young and if I don't cum there is a good chance I'll feel cheated. BUT sometimes the feeling just goes away or you can tell it won't escalate to orgasm. "
 "This Mash up. Found it randomly, greatest thing to get you pumped. It's electronic music, so go in ready for the rush of adrenaline :) "
 "he said to basically treat her nicely when he's around them, and if he catches wind of him not treating her nicely then he's knee deep in shit. i made a rude joke that was basically \"alright, hit her hard enough for her not to be able to talk.\""
 "Yes please "
 "My brother said to me, \"See jger does Nothing to me...\" After 7 shots..."
 "ComicVine is awesome, I wish it got more attention. Im from the battles forum BTW. :P "
 "*eeeuueeeewwwwww*  **Dunununu Dunununu Dunununu**  *dah dah dah*"
 "Franks and beans. Bravo."
 "G-spot that's not up in my asshole, please."
 "The value would drop as supply exceeded demand."
 "Not a father, but my dad never ever liked my ex girlfriend. The thing is, she treated him with respect and talked to him very nicely. But every time she went back to her home, he'd talk shit about her the minute she'd leave. "
 "Analingus AND I get to suck her toes? Hell fucking yes!"
 "No, I think that's Creutzfeldt-Jacob."
 "There are plenty of socialist utopias in Europe, Latin America, and Asia you are free to move to at any time you wish. All with ready-serve cradle to grave welfare. "
 "This happened to me but turning left. I didn't honk at her because I was still in shock that she was stupid enough to do that. "
 "Biting your lower lip."
 "Unite! I'm a shirt sneezer as well!"
 "So here's what actually happens in your hypothetical scenario, if applied to the invidious and polluted latter-day American business ecosystem:   Jill's manager delegates all of Stan's workload to her, refuses to hire anybody else, and flatly shuts down any reasonable, politely meek argument she makes for a raise commensurate to her additional duties/workload.  Ever the loyal worker-bee, Jill tries to hide her initial dejection and muddles along unsteadily, having only been taught small, minute portions of Stan's former job (if any at all) prior to his wafting from the company like a hot breeze of stale beer and urine.    Where once Jill excelled and flourished and strove toward the sky, as open and guileless as the black face of a sunflower, now she stumbles, becomes confused and hesitant, incorporates fundamental flaws into her new duties' routinized practices - shortcuts that Stan knew how to exploit to save himself all of that time.  He never shared any with her before his final, sole act of employer-obsequiousness (departure), because he felt nothing for her, nor for anyone else in the office - its social barometer was all as alien to him as it would a seafaring cephalopod terraformed into a lunged, air-breathing, stout-legged skeletal being, telelocalized instantaneously into a major population center.  Stan had no frame of reference to his fellow man, nor empathy as a result of his isolation.  Perhaps they saw his work as deficient because he didn't engage in enough of a careerist Kabuki act to impress upon the right people that he was So Very Busy and Productive; perhaps his laconic laziness was simply a matter of flawed and untrue human perception.    Either way, lazy or misunderstood, he didn't need a weathervane, and resented the new circumstance life had thrust upon him.  Thus, how could one expect Stan to depart with some newfound Calvinistic sense of obligational vigor w/r/t his soon-to-be-ex-job?  So well-intentioned Jill was left to unassumingly blunder at the till, and smash onto shoals and reefs well-scouted, mapped, and circumnavigated by her predecessor's cartographic efforts and apt, if lackadaisical, captaincy.  Her mistakes begin to become, paradoxically, more consistent, her servile mentality toward the business entity leashing her feeding in a closed-circuit loop to fuse guilt into her foremost mind - she always wants to please, but it's never enough; she breaks down in frantic, shaky, nigh-asthmatic sobs in her partner's arms at a glib, jokey comment after tepid sex, says how she's broken, inadequate, incapable, inferior.  Her manager is, in his aloof ineptitude, completely blithe to her physical and mental deterioration - she sports black raccoon-rings around each eye, deep around her shapely nose and gentle brow; her smile is false and customer-servicey, cheeks and mouth propped up cheaply and gamely as her eyes stare with the numbness of inner desiccation; her clothes shabbier, wrinkled, sometimes the same two days in a row (a cardinal sin among the office caste, who whisper sickly poison that seeps through the office in a gaseous conversational mist).  His concerns are with the mere nowness and short-term of her immediate job performance, and for her transgressions against the Almighty Productivity God, she is reprimanded, lectured patronizingly while a red voice thrums behind her forelobes wanting to tear the idiot's carotid with her teeth in a vertical strip and shower the ochre-beige cubicles with scarlet life.  Rage and fear and doubt and doom - a sense that she deserves her failure, that it's an irreconcilable destiny, karmic, just, obligated to her.    Jill becomes not only Stan, but worse, both at her own job that she once found so intuitive and adrenally reflexive (the old impulses and tricks are gone, inexplicably, and it's as though they were never there), and at his, which she found some small enticement in learning when first christened therewith.  Three possibilities arise: Jill is fired, broken finally by the wholesale collapse of a once-normal home life.  She sits huddled and miserable, surrounded by filth-encrusted plates and spoons and fetid, unwashed laundry in the gloom of a 3 AM one-bedroom, and contemplates/realizes suicide.  Jill's crushing stress at work is hoisted in a duo-Sisyphean fashion and shoved back from its pronate pin by a loving, supportive, sunshine-and-rainbows coalition of too-good-to-be-true friends, family, partners/spouses.  They share the incalculable suffering so that the company can save $15/hr.  Cracks show in once-pristine familial and fraternal facades of granite and marble, and spread outward.  Jill becomes some Randroid uberwomensch, manages to adapt to a workload without succumbing to or acknowledging her inner despair, earns a $25 Amazon card from corporate due to a coup in automating laborious functions at the office, and finds despondency again as she is laid off in 3 months when the company outsources the entire division off of a simple extrapolation of her efficiency.  Will does not equal success, nor progress, nor anything but effort.  Effort does not beget riches; wishes do not birth wish-fulfillment."
 "I don't know:("
 "Everyone I know laughed at it. I was 9, though so I didn't know all that many people"
 ".. working "
 "reddit, and in the woods"
 "We are atoms, we have no will either."
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "thats...kinda scary lol"
 "I don't think I actually answered; I got distracted reading everyone else's answers!  I woke up at 10:30am (after getting to bed at 3:30am playing boardgames with my boyfriend and his friend + girlfriend to ring in the New Years). After doing all the usual morning stuff, I sat down, realised I have nothing to do since it's raining outside, and figured I'd try to find something mindless to do to keep me occupied until I can be bothered going to make lunch!"
 "I has it."
 "20??? That is absolutely absurd and embarrassing."
 "Mine would just say, \"Hey, I want to fucking play.\""
 "In this thread: people complaining about bad spelling and grammar. "
 "I'm in a job I'm happy with and I'm glad I went to college, but man I also wish I had gone to a trade school and learned a skill. I want job security and a peace of mind. I don't care if people would look down on me. I'm a teacher, I'm used to it."
 "I'd say an 8.5. There is 15 books."
 " 2. Everyone who, previously, had the opportunity to work for a position that was worth only $7-$15 is now unemployed. Boo!  This is assuming that increasing the minimum wage will have no effect on the value that an employee brings to a company. In reality, a minimum wage increase that, say, forced Walmart to pay their workers $8 more would also do the same to Walmart's competitors. The benefit that Walmart realised by paying their workers almost nothing was that they could keep their prices low compared to their competitors, and therefore attracted more customers. This doesn't change at all when both Walmart and their competitors are forced to increase their wages. The cost of their products increases slightly to compensate, along with the prices of their competitors, and because Walmart's products are still priced at the same point relative to their competitors, they do not lose any customers as a result of the wage increase.  The only jobs affected would be those involved in selling products for export, which means a tiny proportion of jobs at, say, an Amazon distribution warehouse (which still makes the overwhelming majority of its sales within the US) could be lost.  Finally, there's a 3rd effect of a minimum wage increase that you haven't accounted for, which is that with all those minimum wage employees now earning more, they will also be spending more, which creates additional jobs.  Edit: [WTF, "Emma Watson ^With ^^Her ^^^Nice ^^^^Hair"
 "Salvia"
 "My worst enemies are just that with good reason.  I just sit back and be patient as they always do more harm and couse more pain to themselves then I could ever inflict."
 "I'd like a few minor bug fixes like walking threw a doorpost and forget what you were going to do."
 "The population will skyrocket thanks to you"
 "The mission in halo 3 where you rescue cortana. I can't do it alone on normal difficulty because it's so hard and infuriating. Fuck the flood."
 "Also, take photos of anything expensive and their serial numbers. File those photos somewhere safe, not on a computer in your home. "
 "I guess the only solution is to never stop falling! "
 "What does a girl think when they see a grower (one whose member grows to full size but is very small when flaccid)? "
 "well i made out with the guy I am interested in, so that's a good start.   how do you keep things from getting complicated?"
 "[Corporation Reaches Goal, Shuts the piece: \"We did it,\" founder and CEO Michael Dell said. \"Back when I started this company, I vowed that I would not rest until we revolutionized the way computers are sold. Well, at long last, that day is here. Bye.\""
 "Chasing the wrong person. :("
 "Is that what they term 'hangover stew'?"
 "I'll be sitting on the couch, and she'll walk up and I'll pretty her, then she'll use her head to push my hand under get so that I'll rub her belly. She's bit subtle either she really pushes, it's adorable."
 "Meanwhile, I just started college and saw the last scene. Still hit me in the feels. Damnit Pixar has the secret formula to hit every demographic under the sun right in the fucking feels, I swear!"
 "C'mon we have Red Bull for that!"
 "A coy smile."
 "nobody seems to know how to use screen protectors. they always leave the plastic sheet on."
 "Definitely feeling the love now, thanks man"
 "haha i was joking"
 "But some modern programs don't implement it (or, somehow defeat it)."
 "If females could reach climax from giving blowjobs I would go back to church."
 "Blue Angels Hold Open Tryouts!"
 "It could also be a stereotype. Humans are great at noticing patterns that aren't really there."
 "Wall - E."
 "LOVE that book :D"
 "Good one! Yes, he beat my meat. Been far too long. "
 "Awe man, I love discrete."
 "If you're going to community college then I would suggest getting a part time job on the weekends *before* you graduate and the save up all or at least half of your paychecks. Apply for scholarships and anything that could get you money. "
 "If a girl starts getting between you and your friends, that's a warning sign you are in a bad relationship."
 "Enjoy."
 "Compared to a lifetime, that's real quick."
 "Sitting on the toilet. You are supposed to face the back so you can have a little desk to read on. Like "
 "There are rules???"
 "Jennifer Lawrence . . ."
 "my resolution was to be myself and stop with all of the \"guilty pleasure\" bullshit.  i think i did an okay job.  "
 "Liar."
 "I honestly believe that the culture in the USA and here has been created by those who already have enough money as it is.  We've been taught to be comfortable as virtual slaves to the priveleged classes. Easy credit means we can buy toys but that just ties the noose around our necks even tighter."
 "walking on metal bars is a bad idea."
 "fairly sure that isn't true. Using the first figures I could come across (which are probably fairly inaccurate) walmart employs around 2.2 million people. To raise everyones wages by 6 dollars an hour assuming full 40 hour work weeks would require around 26 billion dollars. Walmarts net profit last year was 17 billion. "
 "Because some (white) people are intrinsically better than others. And those others (blacks) tend to have the minimum wage jobs. Edit: I apologize to anyone offended by this comment, I left my reddit account logged on."
 "Me too, fancy that!"
 "So much metal!!!"
 "Giving and receiving criticism. We take things a little too personal sometimes. We don't always deliver criticism with the respect the other person deserves. "
 "So why are you even hiring them? Why not just pay adults your $15/hr wage and be done with it....."
 "I tie a rope around my penis and jump from a tree -- Eminem, Role Model"
 "I love you. "
 "Idk why?"
 "because we do not live in a communist country. a job is not a \"right\" it is something to earn.   the definition of a \"liveable wage\" is highly subjective."
 "Aside from my dog being a full fledged retard, her teeth chatter after she bites things and it looks kinda funny."
 "Jack, Subject Delta, and Booker DeWitt (Bioshock series), Prime: my Engi weapon specialist from FTL, and Gordon Freeman. I'm pretty happy with my team."
 "I know a young woman who chews and dips and it's freakin' disgusting.  Then there's that little can of spittle always around, sooo gross.   Apparently you missed a couple sentences explaining the meaning of \"no problem\".  And this is my error?  Nope.  This is not just an issue for the person wanting sex.  It's also an issue for the parents and other loved ones of the dipper because they aren't going to be around long."
 "My dog has two brown spots above his eyes that, if you squint, look rather like eyebrows. Because of these eyebrows his \"judgmental\" look really stands out. For example, I'll be picking out clothes to wear in the morning and he'll be sitting on my bed with his head on his crossed paws and he'll just give me a fuckin look that says \"Girl, please, *those* shoes with *that* top?\""
 "Aren't you supposed to do that to make the picture appear? "
 "This was the most pleasant reddit conversation I've seen all week."
 "* Not partial.  My husband has had a moustache and chin beard since we met.  He occasionally get rids of both.  If facial hair enhances the face its a good thing.  * missionary, doggy  * personality  *  No.  Horniness peaks.  Throughout the month natural (without sexual acts and/or prompting) peaks for me the week of ovulation.  Then the days following my period it peaks again.  Where I could be sitting there eating some crackers.  Then boom I want dick!  * Mouth or eyes"
 "I read a book called the 7 Habits of Highly Successful People this summer and once I started being more empathetic towards others, my social relationships got better and my personal insecurities largely vanished."
 "Any large bird.  I imagine they get to see a lot of cool shit."
 "\"Permission\" granted at the end of a gun."
 "Reddit."
 "Mind patching the no-reason-boner glitch?"
 "I reckon somebody'd  kick your ass if you said that."
 "Nobody in particular. Just highlighting the issue our two-party system faces where people believe choosing the \"lesser of two evils\" is rational despite neither party representing the interests of the people who are voting for them."
 "...huh?"
 "It's also one of those things where it's a question of how quick you can flip your lifestyle and immediately go into hyper frugal mode.   How many people can get fired from a well-paying job, and then next day start to eat ramen and oatmeal every day, never drink, quit smoking, never go to the movies, cancel their cable, sell their iphone and get a cheap flip phone, ride a bike everywhere etc etc.?  "
 "Yet Peter Griffin never gets a fucking scratch...."
 "Not at all.  I would say go for the PhD.  If you have experience your advisor will probably trust you more and work with you to publish more than with other students coming directly out of undergrad.   If you're a serious student, you could have your PhD in 4 year (if you don't have a Master's already) or 3.5 years (if you have a Master's already).    Of course, this depends on if you take time off for Fellowships/Internships during graduate school.    Bottom line, you're going to be working for another 40+ years, so another 4 years in school is going to be *negligible* compared to the length of your career.  Especially since it will not only make you more money in your base career, but gain you contacts for sideline and consulting business."
 "Don't blame the devs, man. They're just trying to fulfill the spec that marketing sold."
 "Wings and gills i want to go places."
 "Jesus "Sour flaps."
 "Glad we got that cleared up."
 "this is a point I often reference. Which in some instances, market forces will help regulate (IT worker gets raise to $20 an hr) but then associated cost of that service goes up, and buying power is still lost.  Additionally, since many people will opt for the easier to get $15 min wage job, the unskilled, the part timers, the uneducated are crowded out by those with skill, education, etc who will take a burger flipping job because they sick of clearing porn viruses off their bosses computer everyday.  So you will have fewer jobs TOTAL, $15 min wage will get taken by the skilled and educated, and associated costs all up and down the supply chain will have to compensate for lost talent and increased wages resulting in increased costs to goods and services, and fewer jobs...which means fewer people to buy the (now more expensive) goods and services, and then more jobs die...snowball effect resulting in a constant recession.  The lower class will be unemployable, the middle class would erode due to inflation, the rich have enough to absorb the difference.  Heck, many companies would fold, many jobs would become \"tip\" style exception jobs, hours will get cut threadbare, social services would SKYROCKET (increasing taxes, and/or lessening of essential services) so then things like CRIME would skyrocket...basically it would create a dystopian cyberpunk style SPRAWL.  It won't raise the lower class up to the middle, it would create a chasm between the poors and the rich."
 "If you have champagne taste on a beer budget, you'll end up with neither."
 "Sorry for late reply, I just saw this. It used to happen frequently, but most of these scammers now target people who look like tourists. It doesn't happen often but I ran into several people offering me free hats and shirts. Whether they were actually trying to scam me or not, I didn't want to take the risk."
 "I think so!  Thats why I'm asking! :)"
 "Nothing, what's-a motto with you?"
 "Cigarettes "
 "It is pretty awesome! Until the system gets confused and has you pull the same set of king size yellow jersey sheets multiple times a day for a week (not that I have any personal experience or anything)."
 "Much more developed foresight so we don't completely ruin the world in the next couple hundred years."
 "Oh, very well then.  **puts the love back in its jar and put the jar in the basement**"
 "\"I did not have sexual relations with that woman\"- Bill Clinton when questioned about the blowie heard around the world. What a champ though. "
 "Your kids don't want a toothless Chineselady for a mom. They'll be fine for an hour and a half while you take care of your dental health. You can make excuses if you'd like, no one can make you do something you don't want to do, but not having an hour while they're at school or sleeping is kind of a long shot"
 "I used to do that at McDonald's as a kid as I thought they had some sorting machine in the rubbish bin."
 "Cat's Meow.  My cat's got bored of it after 15 minutes.  Biggest waste of $30 ever."
 "I've only been driving for a few years, so I still feel your pain. I would say just try not to worry about the people behind you thinking that you can't drive if you have to slow down on the ramp (try not to stop completely though because it will be harder to get up to speed to safely merge). Even if the person behind you is being a terrible driver, not maintaining proper following distance, and hits you on the ramp because you had to brake, it's way better to get rear-ended on the ramp than hit at any angle on the highway."
 "Braided hair -- especially a woman in the act of braiding her hair.  God, I love it."
 "Haha thank you. I am sorry I didn't give you the entire story I thought I had gotten it. OP of that post said \"I'm surprised that no one said 'faxes'\" and just a flood of fax remarks came and it bled out all over reddit haha sorry I thought I had gotten it right the first time but I was pretty sleepy lol :D"
 "What you said made no sense in context. "
 "This needs follow up. Holy shit. What did she do?"
 "Phone can be covered very cheaply with a pay as you go phone used only when absolutely necessary.  Internet can be accessed from your local library when/if needed."
 "When a girl is both a tom-boy and attractive Its like jesus reborn. At least for me. "
 "\"Oh sweetheart, wait until you get married\" to travel, study, live? NO"
 "Multiply the amount of communication you feel compelled to do by about 0.75. That's about how much communicating you should do."
 "Came here to say this. Passing them is meh. But when they are working their way to your bladder....god help anything breakable or with sensitive hearing in my vicinity. "
 "Lego Harry, Hermione and Ron, Rachet, and Alice.   Well at least Alice is bad ass."
 "Ahhh! Hello and Happy New Year from the past! I've still got three hours, twenty minutes left in 2013. :)"
 "I'll be sure to check it out then. "
 "Sweet, sweet justice. "
 "Laziness does no good anymore."
 "Not in murica'"
 "All the stuff about the world ending on December 21, 2012."
 "Don't condition before you shampoo."
 "**Attention!** Please keep in mind that the OP of this thread has chosen to mark this post with the **[Serious] replies only** tag, therefore any replies that are jokes, puns, off-topic, or are otherwise non-contributory will be removed.  If you see others posting comments that violate this tag, please report them to the mods!   Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Some products will increase in price, but not everyone makes minimum wage, so it will not be entirely proportional. Sure food prices will probably rise, but not everything will. And $2 minimum wage rise won't make everything suddenly cost $2 more. The effect will be diluted, and I'm sure the calculations are quite complex."
 "Get off reddit"
 "Australia's forced voting. I don't like being compelled to vote."
 "Actually, there have been a from various Onion people.  However, what we do (while fun) isn't actually all that interestingat least, not to most of reddit. It's pretty standard web development work. Probably the most interesting thing is that we occasionally get to be in Onion content. For instance, I got to star in [this have also had their 15 minutes of fame."
 "Better and longer lasting brain power that doesn't fade with age"
 "If I kneel down, no matter where we are or what she's in the middle of digging up or chasing, she runs to me and sits by my knee. I didn't even train her to do that, she just decided that that's what she's supposed to do if I kneel.  If I'm wearing a hoodie, she likes to sleep inside that part that bags out in front of your stomach. She's doing that right now. It's like having a heating pad.   When I got this little lap warmer, I took to training her with the mentality that her goal was to make me happy and my goal was to help her do that. And she does. "
 "1, my girlfriend "
 "i finally came out of the closet, stopped being so secretive in general, had a couple of failed friendships, but overall came out stronger."
 "I disagree, I think your mom would care more about you than you do."
 "Skate or Die! "
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "50% Your in. 50% DEATH"
 "Most of the time I never even remember its down there until I run or something like that and it bounces. And sometimes my ballsack decides to stick to the inside of my leg. That's not very comfortable. Kinda like falling asleep on a leather couch and waking up with your leg stuck to it. "
 "If your kids follow your english skills...  I am joking, you mean to say 'dogs' without the apostrophe because it's a plural. It either means 'is' (so add 'is' after the word) or possession; if they don't make sense then drop the apostrophe."
 "Sing it!"
 "You probably don't really care, but your ball is retracting into the inguinal canal in order to protect itself from any possible damage during intercourse."
 "I use a sort of semi-normal, semi-hunt and peck technique. I hold my hands like a centimeter above the keyboard, my left hand a bit further out than my right, my keyboard tilted to the left somewhat, then I kind of hunt and peck at hyperspeed. Muscle memory helps a lot."
 "Every day, we step a little closer to 9gag level of quality standards. "
 "I didn't make this with the intent of being serious. Read the replies to my comment and see the puzzle come together"
 "Great post. I'm astonished. A well-reasoned, logically and economically sound post on Reddit, and it's the top comment."
 "\"Let's get down to business, to defeat....the "In my family we say Gesundheit"
 "You're right. You're fucked. It's hopeless. May God have mercy on your poor miserable soul.  And Happy New Year."
 "I wanna be part of something big. Loading reddit gold..."
 "+/u/dogecointip 70 dogecoins"
 "Hate doing it myself.  Learned that early.  I think it all has to do with the angle."
 "Money buys happierness. Unless you're a fucking retard. "
 "Why would a person be a fully grown adult and only able to flip burgers?  Why couldn't they get a management spot at mcd's or get a decent retail gig stocking shelves?  If you have a family or are trying to be independent and haven't more skills than it takes to roll a burrito, you are either disabled--in which case the government has you covered anyway--or you have made some shit decisions with the rest of your life that society shouldn't be expected to subsidize.  I expect it's not the most popular opinion on Reddit, but it's a contribution.  I came for the discussion, stayed for the cats."
 "Easy there, satan. "
 "The American constitution "
 "I think a lot of people mean a dignified wage rather than livable"
 "One of my more distant friends is sensitive about her height and lets everybody know it. Any even possibly height-related comment she jumps on and freaks out about it. It makes everyone uncomfortable and I've tried really hard not to do that."
 "Should I take this offensively?"
 "And scarves. "
 "Southwest."
 "Yeah, that shit is tough to do. Take a bus to Planned Parenthood and get a patch or some pills. Or you know, don't have unprotected sex if you're too lazy to do this simple step. Le me guess, you live in one of these magical far away places where there is no access to low cost birth control and you blame the GOP."
 "Feed the dolphins"
 "Lemon water, avoid caffeine and sugar, hard water and alcohol. Chronic kidney stones here. Count your fucking blessings. "
 "I watched the Futurama premiere. Not sure if brave or naive."
 "I like this one"
 "Several hundred Kilograms of Iron may not be in your best interest...   Maybe several hundred milligrams though! "
 "Department of Education Study Confirms That Teaching These Little Shits is No Longer Worth It"
 "moms spaghetti"
 "Any animal with a similar sort of society that we humans have. For example insects such as bees and termites have societies, where each insect has a job and a purpose. It would be interesting, and hey, we might actually learn something to benefit ourselves."
 "I've been wanting to be a game designer as long as i could remember. I love video games. I'm 23 years old and still play them. I have been debating weather i should risk it. I just don't want to rack up a huge debt and not be able to find a job in that field. "
 "Color? I super stoked someone else from the area also saw a giant frickin bird, Most think Im nuts or making it up. "
 "Admitting when your wrong is important, but even more important than apologizing is actually taking action to try to make things right."
 "My cat's name is taco too........dad? "
 "note taken, thanks for the advice!"
 "Well, if people look at you like you're disgusting but don't say anything, just say \"What, did I just blow you away?\" and then wink at them. If they say \"Did you just fart?\" respond with \"Why? Did I just blow you away?\" and wink. Pretty much the same thing, but you may have to reword it to some extent given the situation."
 "I... R... E C O... G..- N I ZE... T H... IS as well. \"Pecking\" is a good way of describing it. "
 "Batman, Charizard,  Ezio, Darth Vader,  and the dude in WHIP. I'm all set"
 "If he seems to care a little TOO much about your daily activity, asking where you are every 10 minutes and freak out every time someone breathes close to you, it's not cute, it means that you should run."
 "*Ooooooooow.*"
 "Meriweather lewis dying around 35. Nope. He lived until his 80s.  He really did go crazy and the state was just bigoted and ashamed and locked him away and covered it all up instead.  Source: I'm a descendant and we had personal genealogy records and photos before an ignorant dumbass threw it away in my grandmothers generation. "
 "huh?"
 "It's a very difficult word to spell..."
 "I work with kids. A couple of the kids from different cultures stand so close I'm afraid I'll be accused of something.  I just want to yell,  \"dude, I can't have a conversation with the top of your head. Stop motorboating me and back up!\" "
 "Thanks for the suggestion, enjoy your gold :)"
 "do not settle."
 "I lost my license for an OUI (operating under the influence). Having no license makes it impossible for me to drink and drive; what need is there for me to be unable to purchase alcohol, too?"
 "Yes. And we almost always grab them when running down/up stairs."
 "Demolition Man, that is. A mission Satan himself designed. :|"
 "Because I'm stronger than you.   It's a good thing that the girl is a \"liberal\" progressive who doesn't support the right to self defense."
 "Dutch me thinks Holland could use some of those. Or at least prisons that are supposed to cover a given part of their own funding.  I don't think captices would have to do anything unreasonable, just help build a road for a few hours a day or something. Not a full 8 hours, but like 4, maybe?  Because in the Netherlands people in prisons are treated like Hotel guests and they get to watch TV all day for AFAIK."
 "Look up at the sky at night... How many stars do you see? Uncountable right. Those stars make up an incredibly insignificant amount of the stars in this galaxy. Now think of our galaxy...  Think it's pretty big right? Well, there are literally an infinite amount of other galaxies in our infinite universe.  Feel small yet?"
 "\"Conservatives lack this superiority complex, and it is this behavior that leaves us standing on top\" - my favorite internet quote of 2013. BTW I love Dave Grohl, but he needs another Kurt to push him above the crap Foo Fighters release."
 "I'm sure a lot of people agree. An easier way to get rid of that tiny bit of belly fat that won't fucking leave! I want my six-pack already!"
 "I was so caught up in playing some single-player game at the time I wasn't even cognizant of New Years.  About 5 days later I realized 'huh, nothing happened'.  Which didn't shock me, because I never expected it to."
 "Yes we know many of those."
 "West Virginia - the New River Gorge or the Exhibition Coal Mine (a former coal mine you can tour)."
 "Drive."
 "And this is why minimum wage increase is almost, if not just as bad as inflation."
 "as a smoker, i'd rather have a girl who smokes than an annoying non-smoker"
 "Of course you ask this when I'm still mourning my bank account's status because of the Steam sale."
 "Even with the 20% off?   You're cheap! "
 "No new features please, just better reliablity and longer service life. "
 "Huh. I never thought of it that way. Guess I'm still learning... Thank You!"
 "That's definitely not how the law works. Source: Law student"
 "Better to live one day as a lion, than one hundred years as a sheep. - Michael Scott"
 "Something I used to say when I was a kid: Goddamnmotherfuckingassholesonofacunt-lickingbitch.  All one word.   I was precocious."
 "This is hands down my favorite. Should be higher up.  P.S. you didn't link the right video.  "
 "Bitch I have 89 trillion a second"
 "thank you for this post, i believe alot on reddit do not understand the opportunity cost of raising/having a minimum wage"
 "Be a lesbian."
 "Oh yes!! I loved this one!  I remember mowing lawns in 6th grade to save of for Episode I Racer for N64!  Then I sold it when I went away to college, but then was able to buy a used copy back after college, phew!"
 "Hopefully, one that involves website upgrades and GUI changes."
 "\"Oh my gosh don't put your stuff there, I'm soooo OCD\" No you're not bitch, you just like things neat. When did having a mental condition become posh. "
 "Even with the 20% off?   You're cheap! "
 "You're my friend now, let's go get soft tacos"
 "Exactly. Reddit is becoming a beacon for edgy middle schoolers. "
 "That's efficiency. "
 "That's how I got in the only accident that was my fault. It was a fenderbender, but still. Huge merge lane to turn into. Lady comes to a complete stop instead."
 "Yolo. please. by how its been acting, it should have been dead months ago."
 "Well thus far we've just been looking at stuff like:  [The can she rally my favorite thus far \\(my sides started "Penis enlargement wouldn't be a burden."
 "You're a hero"
 "Mandarin, for the Asian girls"
 "This isn't normal?  If I ever did that as a kid my mom would have reacted the same way grandma did.  If I ever have kids (unlikely) I wouldn't let that crap go either.  Do parents now really not care that much?"
 "Bobbypins! Bobbypins all over the bathroom counter! Bobbypins on the coffee table, Bobbypins in the couch, Bobbypins,bobbypins,BOBBYPINS! I found a friggin bobbypin IN my sock when I was at work one day. "
 "LOL, a bit creepy. For me its one of those never's, but for some i guess thats what they like."
 "pimsleur is also great for norwegian"
 "Mandingo."
 "Using your blinker in Southern California is just asking for the person in the lane you want to get in to speed up, and not let you in.  So, you kind of have to merge then blinker, sometimes."
 "Yea I was just gona say don't they do a pre flash to evaluate distance of the subject while focusing, then go in for the kill with its predetermined flash on or off taken picture. Something like that but with better grammar"
 "Jentai*"
 "I thought the same."
 "Fix teeth."
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Fuck it dude, lets go bowling."
 "*there"
 "Cockroaches. \"See you after the apocalypse - ah wait, sorry brah.\" Actually, I guess they'd kind of be dicks."
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "I'm totally fucked. I got the QWOP guy, a tetris block, PacMan and.... Can I count the Jack from solitaire as a knight? That's really the only thing I've got going for me? "
 "Exactly. Depending where you live, if you have roommates, live at home, drive a car, have kids, etc. etc. All of those will determine whether or not you can live off of minimum wage."
 "I wish I could up vote this more. "
 "Showing me boobs."
 "This has probably been answered 8 ways from sunday, but I'll chime in.  The jobs you had were \"little to no skills\".  If your job only requires 3rd grade math, and even that is done for you on a calculator/register, you might have a \"little to no skills\" job.  If your responsibility encompasses stacking clothes, cleaning a fryer, or picking up a mop when told to, you might have a \"little to no skills\" job.  If your job can be taught to you over the course of a 1-2 hour training video..you might be a minwageneck.  You see where I'm going here. Of course during the course of the job you might start to excel at what you do. Memorized product locations, statistics, can suggest or even anticipate what a customer might need...but that's really not part of the job. Those people aren't in demand. Being good at minimum wage doesn't earn you better than minimum wage. Your bosses might like you more, you might get more customer reviews, but it's hard to quantify just what more experience in a min. wage job is worth.   Especially when the job can be done by bringing in someone with no experience and paying them the bare minimum.  Which is sort of where our economy has gone. Part of your pay is how easy it is to replace you. If anyone can be brought in off the street and be taught your job in about an hour or two, guess what? Super easy. Even if your job has evolved into also taking out the trash, counting out a register, doing that one thing that only you know how to do that makes it easier for everyone in the store to operate but no one really notices, etc. As long as the bare minimum requirements can be met, you're still just as expendable even with that experience. Especially when it comes to who has the real power, the boss of the boss of the boss.   As you'll see in corporate, you'll get further away from where the money is actually made. All they see is numbers. If a store had a good month and made a record profit, they're gonna want that store to hit and exceed that again, no matter how likely it will be. Some people will see the sense of it being impossible to continue improving, but the higher up you go, the less the impossibility of it matters. Suddenly promotions and bonuses are awarded based on those numbers. The numbers become the focus, the where why and how are lost. Why give the guy who's been there a year a $0.25 raise when you can bring in someone new, only lose an hour of productivity, and keep those numbers up?  Experience is a funny thing to examine. Of course not everyone can have a degree, that would cheapen those level of degrees. There wouldn't be anything to get people to stand out. Making everyone get a high school diploma has made it so the diploma is like a bare minimum of having a job. Most jobs a diploma 'qualifies' you for though can be done with far less schoolwork. Also, since the requirements for a diploma have dropped (or the standards for obtaining one lowered or ignored, thanks to programs like no child left behind), the jobs that would hire someone with only a diploma have shrunk.  40 hour work weeks are a pretty new idea. How much work did an adult have to do in a week a hundred years ago in order to stay alive and comfortable? Two hundred years ago? Four hundred?  Anyone who's had a min. wage job knows *those types*. The people that belong there. The ones that can literally bring nothing else to society aside from pushing the (80% correct most of the time) buttons on the register, or putting away the clothes in mostly the correct places, or providing customer service that's not quite enough below satisfactory to warrant a complaint. Just how much buying power have these people earned? Should they have a house, a spouse, two cars, kids? Or should they be living with 2 other people in a 3 bedroom apartment and walking/biking/bussing to work? Do we really care if they don't get the medical care needed when they get sick because they're too ignorant to take care of their own bodies?  The crazy part is min. wage workers are the hardest working people out there. If that is all someone has, no way are they only working 40 hours a week to make ends meet, unless they're getting quite a bit of help from somewhere. I spent about 15 years in various min. wage / customer service jobs. The more I got paid, the less work my job required. If I was earning min. wage, I was generally busy all the time, whether it was operating rides or giving instructions at an amusement park, renting/sorting/checking in/putting out/finding stolen videos at blockbuster, or the constant sorting and cleaning at gamestop. If I get paid a little more than min. wage, like a cashier or electronics lockup guy at Fry's, then I was kind of a specialist. If I wasn't cashing someone out or making sure the right product got out, I stood around and waited until I was. A little bit of downtime. Delivering pizzas was technically min. wage, but the tips nearly doubled my hourly take most days. Then doing my job was fun, since I really enjoy driving. In my current job, I have maybe 1 or 2 hours of work on average. The rest of it is waiting in case someone needs me to do something. And I'm making more per week than I ever have before in my life. It also took months before I was able to reliably do those jobs in 1-2 hours and do them correctly.  Liveable wage. Cost of living. Strange words. Does the world owe you for being alive? Can you contribute the bare minimum and receive more than the bare minimum required to keep you alive? You didn't ask for the job of 'being human', but here you are. Should every human be kept alive just because they are?  The unemployment rate is becoming less and less of an economic indicator and more of a \"Just what would you say you do here?\" indicator."
 "\"Oh, there's my turn, better start braking.. after all, it's only 3/4 of a mile a away now....\""
 "Knowledge is power, France is bacon."
 "Oh god yes. The passing was about .1 seconds of \"HEY! OW!\" But before that I was popping vicodin and flomax like it was mana from the heavens. "
 "People who stop at yield signs, merging onto a highway, when there are no cars coming. Fucking GO!"
 "Psh, those people are lazy and dont deserve our help (this is how the current population is going to react to this change (I do not have an optimistic outlook on our future))"
 "But the verbs, man, the verbs. I remember the verbs driving me crazy in the brief time I studied it, and my Filipino friends agreeing with me. "
 "Gayyyyyyyyyy."
 "Opposite end, I had an ex who liked to call me mommy when he sucked my nipples. Still creeps me out to think about"
 "There are a lot of really long and detailed answers here, but it comes down to this.   If given the option between paying all workers the proposed $15.00 wadge or finding a cheaper alternative without humans in the equation. I bet that a majority of your big companies (Fast food  big box stores) will do away with the human element because it's going to be way too expensive to employ the same number of people at twice the wadges that they were being paid.   They will cut the workforce, give the remaining few needed workers a minor raise, and then convert their business to be more automated/human-free. "
 "Not exactly the same story, "Every time there is a thread about making stuff illegal you comment like a billion times"
 "Marijunna couch chips tv"
 "That doesn't justify unfair pay."
 "\"Smack my bitch up\"  Abuse is not okay.  \"I'm going in for the kill. I'm doing it for a thrill. I'm hoping you'll understand, so please let go of my hand.\"  Do not allow another person to commit recreational murder. "
 "Joined them. Now what?"
 "HOW ABOUT FIXING THOSE DAMN MAST CELLS? Seriously, FUCK allergies"
 "HIGH INTELLIGENCE! In your face! And height!"
 "Intelligent, witty women. "
 "This.  The museum (Birmingham Civil Rights Institute) is really amazing."
 "What the hell I just drooled all over my desk.  I don't even know if the physics work for that."
 "Well, I'd say getting my first car, first job, first girlfriend, and my loving dog all in the same month."
 "Being able to drink more isn't all it's cracked up to be. Shit gets expensive. "
 "I haven't noticed anything. Am I just blind? There's racist jokes, we see those all the time, but I haven't noticed significant racism on this site for years. "
 "Finally Free of Misery"
 "\"Dirty deeds, done dirt cheap\""
 "Bend your knees, keep your back straight. Use your leg muscles to stand up"
 "[\"No one murdered because of this "Why you're "I started listening to audiobooks they are insanely expensive!"
 "Network. Friends get jobs through friends.  Friends get you jobs.  You get friends jobs. So on. Go through family or who your family knows.  Save money. Work out. Be a good person."
 "Scented candles and a nice, violent video game. :)"
 "Now bring an example that isn't incredibly contrived. Do you seriously think that a job flipping burgers or wiping floors is building recommendations and contacts?  And the obvious problem with your point: those jobs are not being given only to teenagers, that's just the reality of it. A few million adults *are* working these jobs and they *do* have to live off them. You can't just declare that minimum wage is for teenagers.  "
 "Always make sure you counted the right amount"
 "I fished some upside down tomato pots from a free bin at a thrift store:  they suck.  "
 "slap bracelets "
 "I actually never failed that mission. I feel like a badass."
 "Or most/any western country where 'Murican culture spreads."
 "is your joke old as f**k? YES"
 "The fucking zipper method! When a 2 lane ramp turns into a one lane, when the lanes intersect alternate who gets let it one at a time from each lane. It blows my mind that people floor it and look like an asshole to get 10 feet closer to their destination, even though they are still in traffic. "
 "For science!"
 "I'll admit, that did get me to laugh. I also rolled my eyes. But there is that."
 "Basically anything off \"Because the Internet\" by Childish Gambino "
 "Parents Just Don't "Space exploration, i.e. building a space elevator, base on the moon etc. A civilization only makes sense if it strives to improve and technology is a good way to do so. 2001 by Arthur C Clark is an inspiration to this thought and I recommend it strongly (movie too but more for entertainment)."
 "Self control"
 "there's really no case where a rape joke can be perfect.  It's pretty funny when the victim is a guy!"
 "It adds the point that terms like \"livable\" and \"acceptable standard of living\" don't refer to any objective basic need but are relative to what other people can afford. In a timeless view, what you \"need\" is at most food and shelter. The only reason we include historical luxuries like privacy, air conditioning, cars, phones, and internet, is that most people (excluding foreigners) can afford them. Quite soon smartphones will show up in such lists, and later self-driving cars, virtual reality environments, and space tourism (let's say one trip every two years, to be reasonable). This makes calls for a livable wage seem less like pleas for basic sustenance and more like expressions of jealousy. I don't fully emotionally identify with this perspective, but it's valuable to see demands for a livable wage for what they are."
 "Hi, you have that opinion because of Reagan and his actions as president, and you're too young to realize it."
 "Near where I work, a small coffee shop opened under the name \"expresso\". It was intended as a sort of play on words meaning \"fast coffee\", but no one got it. I felt bad for the owner. "
 "\"What can be done has been done already. What cannot be done is what you should set out to do.\""
 "Emily Ratajkowski and Kate Upton. "
 "I like the way you think, have some gold!"
 "Take a photo after you buy... should be fun haha"
 "Actually this is common in some countrys in Europe, because of the \"give way to the one coming from right\"rule. In Austria we have sings telling you to give way for the cars in the roundabout. if it weren't for these we would have to stop in the roundabout and give way to the car entering from the right."
 "\"Feralized\". That is the best typo ever."
 "Redditors hate, HATE things they don't understand. A good example is  Children. Or relationships that can't be boiled down to meme simplicity. Or people generalising on threads about redditors. They fucking hate that too."
 "I stopped being fat. Now my new years resolution is to get even leaner."
 "Mostly stupidity. If they can't figure out of general things themselves, they can get lost. There is tons of ways out there to help them out, use them!"
 "Unfortunately one of the many reasons we are called Mass-holes. Many of us fit the stereotype. "
 "What's your best new years story?"
 "Not to mention how she apparently just wanders onto rail tracks."
 "I love how it has a stare down with the reptile for 5 seconds and then flips again"
 "Well, there ya go, I'm happy to be proved very wrong, because if I was right, it'd be really sucky!"
 "I hear it in Doyle Redland's voice too"
 "I got him breathing, he made it to the hospital but I heard he didn't make it."
 "I'll be playing board / card games with my family."
 "Well damn. "
 "If she was a good friend, she'd stay in with you and support your decision. Aka not give you shit at a time when you need support instead."
 "Jger does something to everyone, good or bad "
 "I would need to do some research and look into demographic statistics before I could say X would be better.  However, when a group of people unable to feed themselves without social assistance multiply, the benefits of having a potential worker in 20 years is virtually negated by the 18 years of social programs that child is on.  Unless that potential group of workers puts more back into the system than they collectively took out by being born, it's a net loss for society.  I do understand the need for a base amount of workers to ensure that we have workers in the future, but the problem we're seeing now is too many workers, not enough jobs."
 "No, but I have a general rule (discovered after some trial and error) that if I can't fit three fingers, it's not ready for my dick."
 "I get a kick out of how many people think they could wait tables."
 "As a former Podiatry Assistant you are going to have fucked up feet if you wear heels for years and years. I love my 2 inch heels but that's only 2-4 times a month for date night. Then again, I work from home. I used to wear 1-2 inch heels when I worked in an office. So glad it's just slippers now. "
 "Stop eating refined carbohydrates.  I did that last January.  Down 35lb, 20 points down on blood pressure, cholesterol is lower, and I feel fantastic."
 "When i was real young, i was on vacation with my mom, aunt, and cousins (who were both girls). I mustve been scared to change in front of them or something because instead of changing my underwear i would just put a new pair of underwear over the one i had on.   They found out when we were eating at ihop one night and laughed until they cried.  I hear this story every time I'm on vacation with my mom."
 "Oh man that sounds like the kinda professor I wanna avoid. I'm a senior in high school, and I'm looking to go into engineering. What university?"
 "sanskrit, apparently the most \"scientific\" language.. and most likely to be used in extra terrestrial communication"
 "One of my cats will dash over to sit on me and knead and drool whenever I sit on the couch. "
 "Bought my first car "
 "\"Imagine a ruin so strange it must never have happened.\"  --\"The Poisonwood Bible\" by Barbara Kingsolver  The whole opening paragraph is gorgeous and sets you up for the incredible story within, but the first line alone is enough to instantly transport me and send a shiver up my spine.  Beautiful book.  Hell, worth the price of admission just for the chapters from Adah's perspective alone."
 "Go to college in a field that is actually employable.  Don't get a poetry degree or something with no job prospects unless you absolutely love it and are okay with struggling for a while.  Try to go into something in the STEM field.  Take a look at the projected job growth for the time period you plan to get out and make sure you have a shot of getting a job.  Once you get to college make sure join everything you can, get as many leadership roles as you can, and don't slack off with your grades.  Keep those grades up and that will help set you apart from everyone else when you apply for internships/jobs.  If you don't want to go to college that is fine (not everyone has too), but make sure you think about your future.  Find a job where you can learn valuable skills that will translate into a future career for yourself.  Working at a fast food place is great for a first time job, but there is no room to move up, and not much in the way of valuable skills.  You could always look into a trade school, or try to find an office job and work your way up in the company.  **tl;dr: find yourself a set of skills that will translate into job opportunities.**"
 "I agree.  They could be the best partner ever but sooner or later they will end up in jail."
 "Flammable! Or inflammable! Can't remember, doesn't matter!"
 "I know you were :)"
 "I felt the same way. It was a waste of time."
 "Crocs"
 "weed, tv or movie, games, laying on the couch."
 "Congratulations, you are disgusted by something, good for you! Get over it. My meaning should have been obvious enough from my post, yes it is your error.  This is not just an issue for the person wanting sex. It's also an issue for the parents and other loved ones of the dipper because they aren't going to be around long.  Yep, and it's their life so they can do what the fuck they want, and they will enjoy it however they please. If we lived our lives worried about what everyone thought, and worried about pleasing everyone, we wouldn't have lives."
 "I don't make minimum wage, but I don't make a lot. I make enough, but I would benefit if minimum wage was increased to 15 an hour. I don't think it should. My fiance is a nurse. He spent time and money going to school to become a nurse. He makes 15 an hour. His wage wouldn't go up. He didn't go to school to get a job that requires training to make the same as a teenager at McDonald's. Just saying...I would benefit and I don't support it."
 "Browse reddit while watching Game of Thrones. Yeah, I do both at the same time. "
 "BERZERKER"
 "Yearly income of $70,000 would suffice. Adjust with inflation of course. "
 "Water is sticky."
 "Loved the story with Admiral Harkov and the TIE Advanced, then Admiral Zaarin and the TIE Defender.....just great plot development throughout the game."
 "I don't have money to give gold, although I wouldn't mind getting some to help pay for reddit! ^^^Is ^^^that ^^^a ^^^good ^^^enough ^^^excuse?"
 "The cake was a lie."
 "I am the walrus. I am the walrus."
 "Pancake nips"
 "Confidence"
 "Eyes that work perfectly and don't become damaged as easily. "
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "\"... and then remember none of it except the one hallucination i woke up half way through\""
 "Great, now I have diabetes *and* cold feet. YOU'RE NOT HELPING!"
 "That does sound like a good night "
 "A dung beetle, because *they've seen some shit.*"
 "Unfortunately, a man who has $200,000 to buy a girlfriend doesn't need to spend $200,000 in order to get a girlfriend."
 "That depends on your age.  Are talking about life after age 18 when one would expect you would have some sort of gainful employment, or are we talking from birth and never wanting to ever work a day in your life?"
 "Nothing compared to a Guinea Pirate."
 "Realizing after four years of seeing me through some of the best and worst moments (and romantic relationships) of my life that he was the only constant relationship in my life (aside from parents/sibling) that really mattered to me, that I could always depend on, and that I most feared losing. And 99% of what I wanted/needed in a marriage was what we already had with one another."
 "Lead in, \"Have you got any German in you?\" My response, \"Yes, I'm half German. Why?\" His reaction, \"Shit, you were supposed to say 'no' so I could ask if you wanted some.\"  Followed by two hours of him on \"cheezypickuplines.com\" (or something like that) trying to find one to which I would respond \"properly\". I ruined them all. After about the fourth one it became quite a game.   I'm now married to that guy's roommate."
 "That's how we are taught to drive roundabouts where I'm from. Yield oncoming drivers entering the circle."
 "Wow. I didn't know that's what that meant. It always makes me think of Ratchet and Clank."
 "Yeah, what the hell is the purpose of even having that thing?"
 "Never use slang such as - lol,gtfo,rofl "
 "and due to the employer decreasing headcount, will have to do twice the work."
 "Same for you. Happy cake day."
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "no potato. hallucinate, only rock. such is life."
 "Why does a private company owe you a \"liveable wage\" if you're not doing something terribly hard and they could easily pay a 16 year old living with their parents half the wage to do the same thing?  Where does that say it's applicable to half of anything? We *as a society* do not need to pay a 16 year old living with their parents a \"living wage\" to flip burgers."
 "One wipe charlies "
 "lol, ok just making sure you knew :)"
 "I wouldn't know. I use reddit for passing the time, news, useless memes, social media, and pics of cats.  Oh and new doge. Such impress      Many doge  Much time         reddits wow  "
 "It should soon, they expanded the incubator for other languages for english speakers."
 "If someone lies or cheats for you, they'll lie and cheat on you."
 "Loud farts are funny, though."
 "I like pretending they're stomping around like a dinosaur. "
 "My George Forman works great. So does the oxyclean, though I use an off brand now because it is cheaper."
 "Reminds me of my favorite: \"Jury Selection Proving Difficult in Trial of 'The Jury Killer'\""
 "Cetaceans,  I hear they love to party, love the blow."
 "No houdinis left nipple is telling lies again"
 "I think the most sensible answer to this is that there isn't a proper answer for it. Seriously. If it is not something you have tried, then what everyone writes here will be nothing but words to you. It will be like describing colors to a blind man, or describing physical pain to someone who cannot feel it. You can tell them intense pain is the worst thing imaginable, but not even that will give them anything to relate to; It'll just *sound* bad to them.  You've just described the only perspective you've tried, and that's cool. But the only way to answer your question is to try it out :) I mean your question entails so many things. The deep love you can develop for someone, the tiny things throughout the day that will stick to your mind for reasons unknown.  Lying on the couch with her on your lap, just silence and a bit of affectionate touch and feeling better by such simple acts than could ever be done by other things. The looks you will exchange. I could go on dude, the question entails the complete package, the entire experience, and it's fucking huge.   Only thing to do is try it.  [EDIT]  Also it also depends entirely on if you take your time to pick a good partner, or if you end up in a bad relationship :) But at any rate, it's life experiences you will have to go through yourself to form any kind of worthwhile idea of what it is for you. No one can tell you."
 "Cheers on being comfortable with your sexuality but sorry my gender is filled with twatty slut shamers"
 "been to both, not much"
 "It kind of sounds like you just said no one walks on the escalator in Texas?   As someone who has frequented the AIH I always feel like the odd man out walking on the conveyer belts.   Ps. Mind the cart!"
 "My patella (knee cap) somehow popped out during a rugby game (I still don't know how, and it is virtually impossible to happen). So I spent three months in a wheel chair from May until August. "
 "Pushing my power button."
 "The paradox is that you can't obtain the happiness when you are focused on obtaining it."
 "Damn man, this is some nostalgia right here.  Used to watch this stuff after getting home from school."
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "If it tastes like chicken keep on lickin, if it tastes like trout get the fuck out."
 "Here's a good one: Do you even spaghetti?"
 "karma status i suppose. what about the taste and smell? couldnt he remember lol."
 "dat ass "
 "story of my life"
 "Alternately, wear a dirty trenchcoat and stop bathing. This works especially well during the summer.  Source: I rode on public transit for a while, and had to keep 70 year old women from hitting on me"
 "I don't trust you, you're not /u/mattyi!"
 "That is a pretty cool username"
 "Using 110% of the brain power and some new sense"
 "10 year old kids shoot 12 gauges all the time. You'll be fine. "
 "I actually voted for Ross Perot ... still have a campaign button around here somewhere."
 "I think you should re-evaluate what the rest of the world considers a living wage. In most of the world, people are OK living with family until they get married, and even afterward. They are OK with living with 5 or 6 other people. They are OK with not having the latest phone and latest game console and expensive clothes. In the US, we get told by pop culture that we DESERVE all that stuff. And that we should live beyond our means as a way to masquerade that we are NOT living beyond our means."
 "Easily pee standing up."
 "So why is it the taxpayer's burden to subsidize minimum wage and not the employer? If someone needs government assistance while working a minimum wage job, clearly there is a problem with the wage itself.  Minimum wage is the employer's burden. If you're working a minimum wage job, then you don't need government assistance.  Government support is there for the unemployed. Government support is there for the unprivileged to find a job or earn a scholarship for example.  And I suppose you saying \"luck has nothing to do with a living wage\" ignores the reality that most people who succeed are actually lucky from the start. Even if they were just blessed with intelligence, they got lucky.   I never said luck has nothing to do with a living wage."
 "No, their my-steaks.          I'll show myself out. "
 "I personally have loved working as a receptionist. The tasks are slightly different depending on the job.   For instance, I worked for a summer as a secretary on a military base. Every day I had to call people to come fill out urine analysis forms. I was also tasked with running the meeting room calenders and running papers all around the base.   The second time I did it I was working in an undergraduate admissions office. I did nothing but set up tours of the school and tell counselors when prospective students were there.  All in all its pretty simple stuff. I would recommend when you get the job, is get a candy bowl if you're in a back office somewhere. My base job I had my own room and no one really had a reason to come visit unless they were seeing the squadron commander. It was a way of getting some people to stop by and interact for a few minutes.  For the interview, just make sure that you are personable and confident. Look them in the eye when ever you talk and try to keep a smile on your face. Think of the nicest receptionist you have ever met, and mimic them. Good luck!"
 "Ditto my was not complete then I found Reddit. "
 "i wasnt mad haha, i was joking "
 "TASTE BUDS IN MY ANUS!"
 "I've recently discovered that Shakespeare had the most fanciest, badassessed curse words I have ever came across and i intend to use them at every chance i get.   Some of the best ones:  * \"You monstrous malefactor!\"  * \"Mad-headed puke stocking!\"  * \"You stuffed cloak-bag of guts!\"  * \"You carcass, fit for hounds!\"  * \"you're a herd of boils and plagues.\" * \"you presumptuous vassal!\""
 "Multiple orgasms."
 "pubic hair on a woman"
 "If you haven't been to PI, you should go. I spent 2 months there this year and it was amazing :)"
 "It got bad ever since I noticed that white guys are named Lenny and black guys are named Carl."
 "**Attention!** Please keep in mind that the OP of this thread has chosen to mark this post with the **[Serious] replies only** tag, therefore any replies that are jokes, puns, off-topic, or are otherwise non-contributory will be removed.  If you see others posting comments that violate this tag, please report them to the mods!   Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Is that all my love means to you?!? A jar in a basement?!!!"
 "Huh, I've never asked or been asked to use a machine after walking away from a set.  It just seems like an unwritten rule that you do your set, then let someone else use the machine while you do a set elsewhere.  In any case, you're wasting your own time and other peoples' time by camping out on a machine."
 "Yes please! But living on a budget, so cheap shit please"
 "It just sounds super comfortable. "
 "What color?"
 "Met her at uni, we were pretty compatible but she was older than me and her friends didn't like me. That sorta covered why it wasn't gonna blossum into a typical partner relationship but if two similar people are around each other enough.. stuff happens.   I don't remember who made the move first but she sorta went to uni just for the 'uni experience' and seemed to think a FWB relationship was part of the 'uni experience'. I really liked her and we did all the usual relationship stuff but weren't exclusive which kinda hurt. Sometimes it was funny, flirting with waitresses in front of her but it hurt when she travelled and stuff and I couldn't see her or know who she was with.   Nevertheless, I got a lot of sexual experience, learnt a lot about relationships and how just sex doesn't make a good relationship. Personally i think we could have dated properly but she wasn't really into that idea.   I guess my advice is go for it if you don't mind potentially losing a friend and if you want to learn about your attitude towards relationships. They are a pretty good idea but its important to remember you aren't exclusive and it is really tough not being jealous.   Goodluck."
 "\"thumb\" drive"
 "Never.  I personally can't think like that.  And I have been physically attacked by men.  Not in a sexual way.  But by men who wanted to harm me.  And I still refuse to walk with fear or quicken my stride.  If I want to go out at two in the morning I will.  Without fear."
 "15, Ace Hardware. Hated that job only stuck it out for about a month or so."
 "Yeah, add in my wife's loans and I'd have another 3.5 years here."
 "Oh not literally believing in Santa clause just preserving the delusions of children got it."
 "I couldn't agree more. "
 "Children and babies in airplanes."
 "I've never been drunk, so really nothing."
 "This is also done with wine.   the post  "
 "I severely underestimated how good we British are are queuing. I'm in Italy now and they have no concept of this. Two cash machines? Two lines. Seniority means nothing. It's anarchy, I tell you."
 "reddit, a 7/7 and watching dora the explorer now. lol"
 "So many peope say \"Chipolte\" instead of \"Chipotle.\" Decent, smart people. Drives me nuts."
 "still, oh by the way i have you tagged as \"YOUR REPRODUCTIVE ORGANS GIVE ME GREAT PLEASURE\"  from this "What!?!?!? How dare you... Bombshell Tonight!!!!"
 "Nope, but I am a poet, a *bad* poet."
 "It's not just turning right, they do this when turning left, too."
 "Lifting weights. Seriously. It's amazing. I sound like a meat head, but it's true. I actually wrote about it for a short answer on a college application supplement:   I lift weights. I got started because I wanted an edge in track, but its become much more important to me. Besides improving my functional strength and staying healthy, I lift because it just feels really good. Its my primary outlet for stress-relief, unfailingly improves my mood, and undoubtedly boosts my confidence and general mental clarity. Its challenging, but its taught me discipline, and its always gratifying to see my efforts rewarded with gradual but sure results. I see lifting weights as one physical aspect of an ongoing process of self-improvement that includes studying and academics as well. "
 "Similarly, saying go fuck yourself isn't really an insult, it's just telling you to masturbate basically."
 "Love how the only people responding to this one are in DC. Lol.  Why do I get so angry at the left-standees? And then when I do start walking up DuPont Circle's escalator, I gotta walk the WHOLE way, even if I don't want to, cause I'd feel bad for stopping short at any point. "
 "\"Carpe diem\""
 "How is it wrong?"
 "Here, Barb can explain it better than I can, since she's an expert on such matters. Here's what she had to say about a basic income today. "At parties, when standing and talking to a couple of people, I would purposely start standing closer to one person's side just to see if they would shift over and step closer to the other participant's side in turn making them move closer to my side to see how many times we would make a circle."
 "And we cannot forget the Carolina Panthers. From 1-3 to 12-4. Ice up son."
 ...and now I can't leave."
 "When my cat was 8 years old, we adopted a dog from the shelter. The cat had no experience with dogs, and the dog (Jack Russell/Basenji) had no experience with cats. It was a little hairy at first. Lots of positive reinforcement needed. After about a year, the dog started alerting me when the cat was at the door. When she comes in, she greets him with a head butt as if to say \"Thanks, buddy!\" "
 "Smoke a phat ass blunt and eat pizza. *oh god I'm a monster*"
 "I gotta pee."
 "Supporting my brother while he's going through stuff and I'm leaving for a year. We're eating cake and watching The Office all day. And I'm on Reddit. "
 "Praxis = Practice auf Englisch mein Freund."
 "Hahahaha. I would willingly and knowingly answer the door like that to freak people out."
 "An immune system that functions well, doesn't attach itself (MS) torpedoes Cancer, blasts blood clots that cause strokes, eye cells that regenerate to let the blind see, ears that are self maintaining so everyone can hear and finally those of us with hearts that get broken get to sit on your lap and cry and until you make us feel better."
 "As systems get better, even the jobs you're claiming will be added are going to get smaller and smaller.  Look at IT, which is supposed to be the future.  Companies like mine are putting hundreds of people out of work while the handful of us cover all those jobs for less money.  We're making bank and pushing everyone out of the market because we can do far more for far less while maintaining an equal quality of service.  Ultimately, it's great for my boss and terrible for IT as a whole.  This method of doing things is only spreading and increasing.  It's not a fad that's going away."
 "When I lived in the interior city, a family of Vietnamese refugees moved in next door.  There were about three generations.  They ALL worked.  All minimum wage jobs.  Everyone that COULD work, worked.  They were coming and going at all hours.  After about a year, they were packing up and moving.  I spoke to the grandfather.  They had just paid cash for a bigger home.  The family was putting away $1,000 a week.  They were letting their cousins take over the house across the street.  One of the sons wad getting married.  They were going to buy him a new house in the next six months.    The family was working together.    That's how it works.  Except we hardly have any nuclear families around any more."
 "Was this a joke? For many people, $500/month won't even cover rent. And you need more than just breaking even each month, in case you suffer a major health problem, need to repair your car (crucial for many jobs), etc. And your situation would be especially bad if you happened to lose your job."
 " Okay. Wow, 4chan was completely full of shit about this particular subject.  lol as if 4chan is a reliable source for anything except memes. :P"
 "What?"
 "I'm sure there are! I really hope I get to meet them in college next year (:"
 "For me it was probably when I was five and I was in a castle being chased by a two headed dragon, however It was like I was running on a treadmill, so no progress was being made. The dragon then proceeded to cut off my head and play kick ball with it. Although it does not freak me out anymore, It still pops into my head from time to time."
 "Oh hell yes.  "
 "It's a great place, best of luck!  edit: Be careful of katoey's."
 "Never fuck crazy. But I'm sure everyone has to learn this one themselves."
 "No one seems to know what irony is."
 "Except yourself?"
 "I had probably 20 items once and was lined up in a non-express lane and the referee dude that is in charge of adjusting the checkout line flow insisted I go into the express lane. I wasn't amused."
 " When I was younger I could be quite harsh but now I'm more tactful.  Can you teach me? I'm complimented on genuineness, but when I cut back on my 'true' self I'm a nicer/friendlier and more likeable person. I want to have my cake and eat it too. "
 "Great list!"
 "this is why i dont want to be a baby sitter."
 "Emma Stone and   Nothing in this world beats those eyes of her's "
 "Pogs."
 "Embarrassing moments. Keeps me humble, and I've learned a few lessons that way. "
 "Cunt roll."
 "When your computer is trying to load a page and the person just clicks refresh about six hundred trillion times."
 "Pretty sure I am not hot. I think Sweden would be perfect for me!"
 "Nothing exceptionally bad to report."
 "Nina Dobrev"
 "Why? You can shit out as many kids as you want and Pappy O'bama will give you a luxurious section 8 apartment to live in and gladly send you $2000+ in Mary Poppins money to feed and clothe them on the 1st and the 15th."
 "I'm not sure whether you're serious or not. I'm really confused."
 "seriously? No one? *sighs*.. Danger! Danger! danger! danger! yeah!"
 "Having a SUV will only help to tip you over"
 "You can still get a mortgage manually underwritten. You can pay cash for cars and anything else you would ever want."
 "Probably no. I doubt women in their 20's like to be called girl in the third person."
 "Spend time at our house. Let us get to know you. If you're always picking her up and going somewhere else, we'll think there's something you're hiding. Talk to us and get to know us, too.  "
 "Are you drunk right now?"
 "Salmon of Doubt- Douglas Adams"
 "Even if I worked at a fast food restaurant, I'd agree that working there isn't worth more than minimum wage."
 "That dick is in a better place now..."
 "When was the last time you heard of a \"elitist conservative?\". We don't play to the same entitled tune that liberals do.   Say what you will about the Foo Fighters, cause that's your right; but the best album i've ever heard was \"Wasting Light\"."
 "Mandarin, because I fucking hate that class. "
 "backward, upside down visors "
 "Browsing reddit and listening to music. I'd like to get into meditation but my brain just refuses to stop thinking."
 "Most of mine have already been said, so I will add a weird one. Guys who can't out drink me. I'm not talking about competition, just in general. As a tiny girl, I don't even consume that much alcohol on the nights I decide to drink. I get seriously annoyed when I'm still drinking and the guy is getting ready to go to sleep. I'm not even wild most of the time, I just like putting on music or a movie and chilling or something. Also, when I'm drunk horny and the guy is sleeping I am not a happy girl."
 "Not sure my husband and I do not drink"
 "But that won't happen, and the competition will do the same thing, Wendy's is about profit just like McDonalds or burger king. And again you aren't looking at this from the perspective of the small business owner, people don't run businesses as a charity to others they do it to make a profit, of they are forced to double the cost of their payroll, that cuts into the owners take home pay, if the owner decides is no longer worth it and closes shop, what happens to those workers then? "
 "dont care, enter the stupid world that is my brain"
 "YOLO!!!"
 "If you're in any level of committed relationship you should be able to just say that it's getting uncomfortable without a tantrum or tears on his part. It's no ones fault and there is no blame, it's just one of those things. It might be harder the first time but once you get past that it will be easier to deal with in future."
 "Every-fucking-body knows what breast cancer is now. I'd say we can start funding for research now."
 "Nice try Walter."
 "are you a boy or a man?  "
 "So people don't post joke replies "
 "Thanks. That was simply autocorrect.  "
 "I believe it is:  Ich brach meinen bleistift. (Not too sure) "
 "Reddit, playing guitar, episodes of The Mentalist and listening to music."
 "If I had to guess its probably photocopied. "
 "as someone who quit smoking about a year and a half ago, I could not date a girl who always reeks of ciggies now. My brain is still unsure if they smell awful or amazing. "
 "$100. "
 " You're forgeting interest.  Interest is lower than inflation right now and it has been for quite some time."
 "they're / their / there  It's not that hard to learn how to correctly use three common words from your native language, so stop complaining when people expect you to get it right.   Edit: Also your / you're"
 "lady, is a better term. if someone calls me girl, i think of a little kid."
 "Quaker Oats Canister Relabeled 'DRUGS' For Grade School Play"
 "There is water on Mars. "
 "Slimy, yet satisfying."
 "Oh, so we're just gonna let them ruin our balls like they did the Porsche 911?"
 "At the same token though, the parents with the kids throwing a fit are likely the ones to have attitudes like, \"Why shouldn't everyone tolerate my kid screaming and ruining everyone's meal?  They're just being kids!  And you were a kid once too, so obviously you should tolerate mine being a nuisance!\""
 "My sister's rabbit was an emergency rescue, and was delivered with a cage and a giant piglet teddy bear. I tried to be friendly and gently scratch his back like my rabbit loves, and he went to town on piglet.   Every time I touched him he'd fuck piglet's brains out. After a few times he had to take a break because he was panting and generally exhausted, but he'd soon be back at it.   They had to throw Piglet away a week or so later because it was covered in rabbit semen.."
 "My friends and I worked our asses off remediating code so the rest of you could relax.  You're welcome."
 "First of all only certain majors are eligible for med school when you consider the mandatory classes in bio, chem, math, physics, and whatever else the school requires. And I absolutely think that lowering the standards would have a negative impact on healthcare. There's a big difference between A, B, and C students, particularly with these class loads. And every single doctor I have ever talked to on the subject has had to take a personal loan out to afford for their school. While I have no statistics and do not plan on wasting my time looking it up, I assume that the staggering majority of medical school students don't drop cash on acceptance "
 "I live in The Netherlands so...... Xbox One is the delayed problem"
 "Uma Thurman in Gattaca is goddamn perfection. "
 "Did the Titanic sink bravely? "
 "My cervix runs a tight ship, only microscopic sperm allowed."
 "You are alive aren't you, therefore you have a livable wage."
 "Rayman, Batman, Juan (Guacamelee), that kid from Little Inferno and Guybrush Threepwood. Batman, Juan and Rayman together could fuck shit up."
 "It's probably close to true. I bet reddit has real statistics of females/males on reddit."
 "Woah good details, thanks. I suppose I've lived in the US long enough I should understand the tax system by now, but I've been paying someone to do it all for me.. I'll edit my original post with all your details here!"
 "For a brief moment, I thought you meant the head on shoulders and pictured myself rubbing head on clit to see how that would work. Then realized I was dumb."
 "Because people are selfish and don't want you to prosper. Fight harder and you will op"
 "lol communism. For fuck sakes."
 "I guess you nearly got caught... *red-handed*"
 "So parents will just put their kids in a crib and leave for work?"
 "Wow, such backslash."
 "I recommend Everything is Illuminated. Hilarious and sad and emotional. "
 "As a legal intern at the ACLU, do you have a problem with how the police acted in Watertown? If not, you shouldn't be at the ACLU. You should be with the police union, and this is why:  \"According to Boston Police Commissioner Ed Davis, and Watertown Police Chief Deveau, Tsarnaev was shooting from inside the boat at police, \"exchanging fire for an hour.\" After he was captured, Tsarnaev was found not to have any don't feel like doing all the research as I'm enjoying my Winter break, but I want to know how many houses were searched and how many \"terrorists\" were found inside said houses. Because one of those numbers is zero. I *still maintain that consent to search a house obtained at the end of a gun has been coerced.*  Again, calloused indifference to privacy is the order of the day here in the USA. Nosy police who have an \"us against them\" mentality towards civilians.  I will create a situation that will make you happy, then unhappy:  Tsarnaev has the shit shot out of him while unarmed in a boat. He is subsequently taken to a hospital, cuffed to a gurney, and read his rights by pissed off cops. Then he's taken to solitary confinement where he lives for 3 years before he goes to trial. At the trial, it comes out he was 1. unarmed in the boat and 2. treated like shit for years and denied his right to a speedy trial while the police covered up their misconduct. Tsarnaev is then convicted of everything that he SHOULD BE, don't get me wrong.  One year to the day of his conviction, someone else commits a terrorist act in Boston for retribution against how police tried to murder Tsarnaev in that boat and against his horrible treatment in prison. We treat that terrorizer like shit and put them in solitary for 3 years. One year to the day of their conviction......  Set aside your primal pro-social instincts and take a bird's eye view of this situation. Terrorism feeds on EXACTLY HOW TSARNAEV WAS TREATED. Terrorism tries to achieve against the American people EXACTLY WHAT THE POLICE DID TO THE PEOPLE OF WATERTOWN. Gosh dang you knee-jerk \"Hang'em High's\" are dense.  edit: If two suspects gave a depiction of events that was as inaccurate as both the Watertown police chief and Boston police commissioner did here, they would probably be charged with conspiracy, perjury, and disrupting an investigation, at a MINIMUM.  edit again: We do not have a \"power\" or \"force problem\" with the Muslim world, per-se. We have a RESPECT DEFICIT that needs to be addressed. People like you fail to understand this. You also fail to understand that every single FREAKING TIME we lose a right here, or a carry-on privilege there, or we have to take our shoes off to prove we're not the next fucking shoe bomber, THE TERRORISTS HAVE WON. And they have lost VERY FEW PEOPLE IN COMPARISON TO THE NUMBER OF OUR RIGHTS THEY HAVE DESTROYED. Not to even MENTION the MONEY THEY'VE COST US."
 "now thats fun."
 "Movies that make me cry:  * The Patriot (when the little girl cries \"Daddy, don't leave! I'll say anything you want! Just don't go!\") * Star Trek reboot (In the beginning when Kirk's father sacrifices himself) * Up (beginning, and then again at the end when he's reading the book)"
 "RUN FORREST, RUN!"
 "or people that didn't fuck around while in school and put in effort when they were looking for jobs. I did work in pizza places while in college though, but I worked my ass off and was a manager for the last 3 years I was in school while being a full time student(physics major at the time.) Even in high school I worked at Taco Bell, and though I was only there a year until I turned 18 I could have moved into a higher position once I was old enough.   If you're a crewmember at McDonalds for 8-10 years without having been promoted or given a raise (from the articles posted on r/politics about the $15/hr strikes) then you have no one to blame but yourself. Either work harder to improve your position or look for another job in your free time. Believe me, I went years before finding a job where I only work 40 hrs/week... even if you're working 40 hours you have lots of spare time to look for something else."
 "Canadian (of distant English/Scottish/German heritage) here. Blood pudding's alright with a touch of maple syrup and habanero pepper sauce.  Once in a while.  The whole 'poutine' fad Canada is currently in the midst of will die a wholly deserved death soon - along with most of its adherents.  So I can't suggest that."
 "i cut my own hair at 6. mom was amused. i was not."
 "But the point is that why should the employer be punished for giving an employee an opportunity. A job is a gift, it is a way in which you can work your way up in the world, they are paying you money MONEY for your work. Why should they be punished? I would employ as little employees as possible. At the moment I employ 2 teen workers and one adult at minimum wage with some good benefits as well. I would fire all of them and only keep my managers and people who I have had for over 1 year (after 1 year they get a raise). Isn't having 3 jobs out there, even if they are minimum wage, better than having none? The adult or the teens might work her way up in my business to manager, a very well paying job."
 "That's not true. I'm a native spanish speaker, I can easily understand portuguese, and maybe a little italian, but french is a totally different thing"
 "Beer, Futurama and reddit. And if I get some energy I'll cook supper."
 "Alicia Silverstone!!  ...*dat mouth* "
 "My father passed away a couple of months ago.  When my mom had to call 911 because he was passed out on the floor she realized the next day he was lying on a mountain of porn.  A couple of weeks later my friend and I started cleaning out the garage, his true life man cave.  Other than an actual store for porn, I've never seen that much in one place.  We found it tucked in every corner imaginable.  In the bathroom (of course).  On his workbench.  In cabinets.  And up above in the storage area.  All told, we had 2 gorilla garbage bags FULL of DVDs and 2 alcohol boxes over flowing with magazines and books.  Most of the stuff was new, but some were fuckbooks from the 1970s.    My mom mentioned he watched porn from time to time, but I had NO IDEA he was an addict/hoarder."
 "I fucking love nice teeth!"
 "15, bagger at military commissary."
 "I see this all around me, and I don't see anyway to fix this. You can lead a horse to water but you can't make them drink...or learn. "
 "Probably. "
 "No, I used it as an *illustration*. Can *you* think of a better source for darkly sardonic mockery? Where *else* would you link phrases about [pets being a serious [a few fat bastards eating all of the or [not really taking the human costs of war very "I think you may have the wrong kind.  Halogens are weak compared to HID. So you may mean HID, when people dim, it's tough to tell."
 "C'mon, man, it's the year 2013.9, nobody makes those jokes anymore."
 "Man I loved those guys. It was the fucking cliff racers for me."
 "You. Your Jewish aren't you? Note: genuinely curious. "
 "Put your penis in me.  Source: I'm a mother"
 "And ex called me to apologize for filing a false police report against me alleging abuse, and ask me to move back in with her. The last thing she ever heard from me was a solid five minutes of laughter. Not exactly words, but none were needed."
 "They prefer, \"lady of the storm.\""
 "Ugh grandparents are so gey"
 "just save to read later....  ps:You really deserved that gold."
 "You can do what you like."
 "Huh, the more u know, gl with thr book, dude!"
 "Fluent non-native Chinese speaker, and my somewhat hazy memory tells me that there are about 80,000 characters in one of the largest historical dictionaries (so plenty of characters limited to periods of time, regions, and specific literature), you need about 5,000 to speaker with a middle-schoolers level of fluency, 15,000 to 20,000 to speaker with a high school / college student level of fluency.  After that, subject-specific words are just that, subject specific. Finance, Chemistry, whatever. You still need to go out and learn those.  After 15 years of studying, I still find proper nouns difficult, and fluency difficult to maintain unless I'm speaking it on a regular basis. :/"
 "I'm getting the sense it's a tiny bit like losing your virginity? Without the pain of course..."
 "It's \"a lot\", not \"alot\"."
 "Use my body to pay for things if im strapped for cash"
 "Thanks for the explanation and sorry I didn't get the joke which is surprising since I have a very sarcastic and somewhat warped sense of humor!"
 "Weird to see so many redditors don't go on other websites.  [Sarcasm, but still]"
 "Here you go."
 "haven't we all?"
 "You grab closer to the boob though so it makes it ok!"
 "Don't you dare let yourself down"
 " your solution for the underclass is for them to die off  Which is why we subsidize them with welfare and give then incentives to have more children.   Mixed message here.  It seems like they just want more of them so they can suffer more."
 "Whatever People Say I Am, That's What I'm Not - Arctic Monkeys"
 "This is the best post I've ever seen.  "
 "As it's been mentioned, having a place of your own and not having a roommate is also a luxury."
 "*Smooth*."
 "The McDonalds Empire would not suddenly topple over if they paid their burger flippers a living wage. They would continue to draw obscenely high profits, and then they'd spend a bunch of it lobbying to say that their public obscenity should be unlimited."
 "I didn't have kid's TV in my house until I was about 10 years old. I'm really grateful for that, I developed a huge imagination. Some of the kids I teach literally have no imagination whatsoever. I gave my students an assignment where they had to create a new word. It could be spelled however they wanted and mean whatever they want, as long as it followed one grammatical rule. I had a complete meltdown from a few of them (they're 15 years old) who couldn't even fathom creating something. They kept asking me if they could just use a word that already exists. It made me so sad. I had to sit down and give them ideas."
 "fuck old pervy guys  who are evil."
 "Texted a pic of my penis to all my female friends...multiple times and quit a job using a lot of profanity"
 "Depends on the relationship. If they're married then technically yes?  Edit: Cuddling the same sex, while not preferred by me is also known as survival if you get hit with a blizzard while camping. /r/context"
 "Two penises.  O wait..."
 "I guess it would be up to the privacy-laws of each country.   "
 "."
 "I was over central Manhattan and I took a direct hit from one of those Chitauri sumbitches  right to the Mark VII. Start getting power fluctuations in the arc reactor and everything. Jarvis is freaking out, because, you know, Brits do that. This is a problem because I'm carrying a 1.4 megaton nuke towards a damn hole in the sky. Had to think fast, put all the power to the thrusters and reroute the 5z circuits through the interplex. I made it, but it was one hell of a hairy ride there for a while. Now I want Shawarma..."
 "**Attention!** Please keep in mind that the OP of this thread has chosen to mark this post with the **[Serious] replies only** tag, therefore any replies that are jokes, puns, off-topic, or are otherwise non-contributory will be removed.  If you see others posting comments that violate this tag, please report them to the mods!   Thanks for your cooperation and enjoy the discussion!   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Get all the money out of it and then get a restraining order. You got this. You're strong. Rise above the occasion. "
 "do what you want, but its a little gay."
 "Knew it. Brofist."
 "False comparison: you aren't going to schedule all of those positions for the entire time you're open, and you didn't budget for maintenance of the machines or possibly hiring another manager because the current one is now overstretched."
 "Italian. To get laid? Duh. "
 "The fire on the robe looks... off."
 "Yeah, you know that issue with data transfer to new cells failing after many years resulting in cell failure and death?  Please fix."
 "But you can get it from a koala bear"
 "Imagine a perfect pulley. Hang 2 different weights from a string across the pulley and the heavier side will slowly drop.    Now imagine you hang a shoelace over your finger.  The lengths are not even, yet it goes nowhere unless it is very lopsided. Friction is what holds it in place.  On the scale, the fulcrum of the scale has to sit somewhere, and where it sits, it touches another object it must pivot around.  When the energy die to gravity working on that tiny net difference in mass pulls down, it must overcome the friction that is holding the scale in its current position.    This is why most scales will specify to push the measuring surface down after changing weight to get a new accurate measurement.  Without doing this, you could add tiny amounts of weight without moving the scale.  This works as the coefficient of dynamic friction is nearly always less than the coefficient of static friction.  Which means things are more slippery once they start slipping."
 "Enjoy the gold."
 "Does it turn you on?   "
 "You're welcome and best of luck to her :)"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "I bet squirrels would be hilarious. "
 "Yeah, for some reason acting nervous around me turns me on...."
 "There is a difference between those?"
 "i want another prostate pls"
 "If you're attracted to the person and doing it because of said attraction. "
 "Live longer (statistically)."
 "It's something that exists everywhere, but there's media here that promotes it more"
 "I think it tastes great with the sushi. I also use it as a palette cleanser."
 "Plus just letting them know that you can enjoy sex a lot without an orgasm. For a woman, the focus on the 'journey' part is probably more productive toward getting an orgasm, anyway."
 "In the distant future, some piece that was missed will be found in an excavation.  The man who digs it up will initially be believed to be insane and no one will pay him any mind.  As evidence mounts of a lost race of strange creatures, fringe people will start worshiping their new alien overlords.    The real aliens will eventually show up, whisking away all the crazies, and while people will finally be believed, they'll continue to search for alien life, forgetting all about the weird artifacts that were dug up, because fuck history, we don't need that shit."
 "Can I have the reasoning behind this statement?"
 "Look up 'redacted documents' in images. It looks like black highlighter.    They do this to hide sensitive information. "
 "I do this and realize that I could condense them.  But I choose not to.  What exactly is the malfunction here?"
 "What do you mean? Everyone Believes in Santa. how else would we get presents for Christmas under our trees?"
 "About time"
 "An effective empathy unit. It would solve a lot of problems"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "In Arizona, you don't even have to renew your license until your sixty five.  I think that's pretty cool actually. "
 "Not all learning has to contribute to that kind of knowledge."
 "What?"
 "or their families  Minimum wage is to support *you*, not you and your family. If you are only able to work minimum wage, you can't afford to have a family. Don't do it. It is not up to society to help you pay for your family at the expense of everyone else just because you want one when you  can't afford it."
 "Yeah, people tend to avoid the people who suck the life out of the room with this \"woe is me my life is horrible\" bullshit.   Why don't you try not doing that."
 "That's actually really helpful, thanks! Definitely not the latter so things are looking up for me already! "
 "Yes they can, I mean, there are parts that, like, both have houses and shit... Or erm... a fire department. They both have that. And rapists. Definitely rapists."
 "clear tan shoulders"
 "Because some people define \"livable wage\" very differently from other people.  Somehow, people are \"living\" already with those low wages.  Yes, they have to cut corners, yes they can't afford many things, but that doesn't mean that it's not a livable wage.  It is.    But some people don't see \"livable wage\" as the bottom of the barrel.  They see \"livable wage\" more as a \"comfortable wage\".  All of the sudden, they feel equate livable with all sorts of things that are not necessary and that many people go without just fine.   "
 "This."
 "Well it's not a 'duel' if I have a team with me now is it?  Anyway it would be my skyrim character, a roman army, Recker from BF4 and the guy from AC3.... so I think I'll be ok."
 "I don't know if what happened was an attempt to break in or what but it sure was fucking scary. Okay. It was around 7:00AM and I was already ready for school so was my younger brother and we were just waiting for my mother to pick us up for school. My other youngest brother who was 11 months old at the time was sleeping. Keep that in mind. I started to put my dogs in their cage. I have 3 and 2 are small and the other is like a lab mix so he's big. I put the 2 small ones in their cage and they made no fuss and just laid down but when I put my bigger dog in his cage he started freaking out. He starts barking really loud and I tell him to quiet down cause I don't want him to wake up my youngest brother. My other younger brother comes running over to me and says \"Something ran past my window!\" And instantly my veins run cold. I instantly let out my bigger dog and he darts towards the window and then that something slams against the front door and I instantly felt my heart jump up to my throat and I start shaking but I dart for the door and try to lock it but it wouldn't lock so I just held it really tightly. I tried looking through the peep hole but I didn't see anything. After a minute or two I call my dog over and open the door and FUCKING NOTHING WAS THERE! Also it was daylight outside. Scariest shit ever."
 "Absolutely. I've found that people here are usually very nice unless you stand in their way on the Metro escalators. Or drive slowly. Or have opposing political views. "
 "Probably a stupid question. If the child gets sick (and it isn't directly due to parental neglect or something like that) can the state actually take legal action against the parents for not giving the child medication?"
 "I'm sorry that English isnt my main language, not everybody is from the US/UK."
 "Just hang around here for a bit. You pick it up."
 "No one follows because you're the only one who cares, stop being so uptight. Embrace the eye contact. Embrace it."
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "I'm aware and do care, but I pay all the taxes on my prevailing-wage salary, my money stays in the U.S., and I ain't entitled to Social Security/MedicaX benefits, so my conscience is clear."
 "Nope but I'm pretty sure I will now"
 "Bahah. Oh gosh"
 "Doing these listed ideas unlike your resolution."
 "Surely that can't be related to the Simpsons..."
 "First aid and cpr"
 "Female here. A man doesn't have to be a 10/10 in terms of physical appearance in order to be sexy, but an average looking man wearing clothes that perfectly fit him will *always* look better than a handsome man wearing ones that don't.  For instance, it's often said that [a man in a nice has the same effect on women that [a woman in nice has on men. I'd have to agree."
 "when she gets wet and it turns into like this gross semen type wet. like yeast infections but not near as bad."
 "Blood is not thicker than water."
 "A dream that was like a trip that made sense."
 "I am late to the party, but,  [WAR ON STRING MAY BE UNWINNABLE, SAYS CAT don't think any Onion headline will ever beat seeing this on the front page. It was the perfect metaphor at the prefect time and is funny even without context."
 "You still *have* the comment section. If you truly care about prescriptive grammar, you shouldn't mind having your real name associated with youtube rants."
 "\"Hakuna matata, what a wonderful "As someone who enjoys fucking around with DNS, searching from the address bar is fucking annoying.  No I did not want to google that; that is the exact address of where I want to go."
 "Ever since I was 5, I've had this dream that I was playing outside and then someone runs up behind me and stabs me in the back. I then wake up with terrible nerve pain jolting through my body, but only lasts a second or two.  I am convinced now that that is going to be the way I die. "
 "The huge flaw in this line of reasoning is that most jobs aren't quantifiable in terms of value produced. This is a model that has been invented by economists that (surprise!) doesn't translate to reality very well.  Lets take our unskilled floor sweeper, she gets $7/hr and the minimum is upped to $15. So what happens? The grocery store doesn't decide that it won't sweep floors any more, because ultimately losses will equal the value of the company when no-one buys their groceries there any more.  The model you present is the economist's version of the perfectly round sphere in a vacuum. Sure it all sounds clever but it bears little relation to reality. "
 "If you don't want jokes and puns, and want proper answers instead, the (Serious) tag does the trick. "
 "/r/BadDadJokes "
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Sure and working weekends is delightful in itself.  Working 50-60 hours to build up to something isn't the same as working that same time frame to sustain yourself.    And does your father love working 50 hrs a week?  I'd imagine anyone would rather work closer to 40 hours than being forced to work 50. "
 "My uncle told me the batteries in my game boy were going to melt. I played pokemon yellow until 11:50, then took the batteries out (for safety)."
 "It looks like you failed to ask a question in your title. Double check everything, including punctuation, and try posting again.   * **If you're wanting to tell a story or explain something, please try /r/Self.**  * **If you're needing advice of any kind, try /r/Answers or /r/needadvice**  * **If you're looking for something that has slipped your mind, try /r/TipOfMyTongue.**  Anything else not covered try one of the subreddits mentioned in our sidebar that better suits your needs.  If you need more clarification, or feel this was an error, please contact the mods and provide a link to this post, thanks!   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Americans aren't very good with the difference between patriotism and nationalism."
 "In South Carolina it is illegel to tie your pet giraffe to a lap post on main street.   Also in SC you must obtain a permit to fire missiles from your own back yard.   "
 "Is that a common joke ?"
 "My Australian Shepard will grunt and make little noises when you pet her. "
 "Has anybody ever actually understood that song?"
 "I'd be alright with 40k a year. I live a very low key life style."
 "I would if I could. "
 "yeah would not recommend. I could imagine that poor teenager was like \"oh my god, I'm in such deep shit, what am I going to do, I lost a child.\" Needless to say, she never babysat again. "
 "silly bands"
 "Companies have been raking in BILLIONS in profit while paying their employees nothing. The view from the left is that if the companies want to stay in business, they need to start eating the cost. And they will. Not many companies are going to choose to go out of business over making a little less profit. The view from the right is that since businesses should be allowed to so what they want, no one should make them have to make that decision. "
 "The federal government doesn't have to institute a universal increase in minimum wage.  The cost of living can be broken down on a county-to-county or city-to-city basis.  The federal governmant can mandate a change in minimum wage based on local statistics.  Minimum wage should not be the same everywhere or for every job.  No academic economist would argue that it should be the same everywhere.  Minimum wage should be increased gradually at a relatively slow rate so as to increase real wages without increasing unemployment until we reach an equilibrium between real income and unemployment."
 "The world's population could fit in the state of Texas and still be less dense than Tokyo, Japan."
 "Because English is a bastard of germanic languages and romance languages, a lot of scandinavian and french influence. I mean... look what's right next to england. "
 "Attention! Please keep in mind that the OP of this thread has chosen to mark this post with the [Serious] replies only tag, therefore any replies that are jokes, puns, off-topic, or are otherwise non-contributory will be removed.  Reddit seems to like jokes, puns and other non-contributing stuff, but some people really to know. If ingenious jokes are in the front and everybody has to search for the real answers, that mean something, it's bad, regardless of how funny it was."
 "Always buy fire insurance for snowmobiles.."
 "Nice."
 "I'll agree with this one. I just realized that every girl I've actually considered dating/have dated had braided hair. It's just awesome."
 "Shit, I'm a PHD student at Harvard who volunteers at the animal shelter and food kitchen, but I love the dogers so I guess that's that.  Edit: no, none of this is true. "
 "thank you for the feedback.   i\"m sorry things didn't work out for you. Jealousy has been something that I have been considering. I'm not sure how I would deal with it if either one of us got jealous over the other person. Definitely don't want things to go sour between us. "
 "because some jobs aren't meant for you to make enough to support a family or live in a certain part of town.  If you are older than 30 and are working for McDonald's and aren't in management you have failed.  That was the job you were supposed to have in high school or in college. Not to support your family of 4. "
 "i hope my brother comes back so we can play music, and i hope he finds some weed. lol. just being honest here, haha."
 "Well, I mean I consider myself an Alpha guy, but I'm not alpha all the time. Only when I feel it's important. "
 "GUYS IM SORRY ALRIGHT"
 "Is your daddy in prison Cuz if I was your daddy I'd be in prison "
 "Crazy bones/Shag braclets "
 "Joke answer: Stop eating.  Serious answer: Eat better and exercise properly, and if that doesn't work you might need to consult a nutritionist and exercise therapist. "
 "Beta as fuck"
 "[Dying Kid In Houston Holding On Until Astros Develop Player Worth "Sounds good man, good luck!"
 "I gave her the ol' nip-libble. Drove her wild"
 "Oh, you're focusing on the useless comment.  My point is actually that intelligence is not the most important thing about someone.  I'm not clear on whether or not you agree with that.  I guess I was thinking more on an interpersonal level.  How useful, really, is someone you ultimately cannot rely on?  At a societal level I would accept that useful things can come from selfishness, but, you know, that's really the exception.  Mostly they turn out like Bernie Madoff or the other very intelligent thieves of Wall Street.  And although I do admire Wagner's music I don't respect him as a person, and I would not be his friend.   "
 "Oooh, Happy New Year from the future! It's 12:50pm here at the moment.   Are you having a nice, quiet night-in to ring in the New Years or do you plan on doing something outrageous just before midnight? :) I couldn't be bothered with dealing with a New Year's Day hangover, so we kept it low-key last night."
 "University of Ottawa, so unless you're Canadian or want to go to Canada, don't worry. Furthermore, no matter where you go there will always be shitty profs and good ones.  "
 "Haha, thanks, on my mobile plus I started the New Year celebration early. "
 "I like the way you slipped in an apostrophe into a plural. Trolling level: 9,000"
 "I especially hate it when people call it the 'lock button'. IT'S THE POWER BUTTON for christ's sake..."
 "Fuck. You must be American... if you are so fucking stupid to find a four way stop confusing..."
 "Heelys"
 "HAHAHAHAHA  \"incentive\"  \"weak\"  \"strong\"  \"winners\"  \"losers\"  I guarantee you that at least a third of all people with good jobs in the United States are incompetent, unqualified, and got/keep their jobs due to nepotism or some kind of personal favor.  The United States is a complete farce, and most of its citizens are clowns who just fake it."
 "Directions un clear, my foreskin is now burning.."
 "It will be difficult to effectively talk to girls if you feel this way because of all the subconscious signals you are projecting to them.  I also used to feel this way but I've grown to get used to it.  I used to plan on killing myself over this but then I started smoking weed more and it helps keep my mind off negative shit.  I pretty much never go into public except for work and live in my parents' basement.  I guess seeing their shitty marriage every day makes me feel better about my situation.  Whenever they bother me about not having a relationship I'll just say something like \"I don't want to end up like you.\""
 "Do not, ever, for any reason, say that you like your steak \"well done\"."
 "just piss up your ass, they're right next to each other for a reason"
 "Really? Didn't get get \"out of the mood,\"? My first date w/future wife was Steel Magnolias.\" What we do for love. Married 20 + years 'til she passed.  "
 "Whoa, thanks! You're awesome, OP. Happy new year!"
 "Businesses are also using their profit to increase automation in their processes, meaning the jobs that people used to have literally don't exist anymore, and businesses are seeing larger profits as they can replace 10 jobs with 1. The jobs that DO exist now have a higher skill requirement, (machine operators, systems designers, etc.) which people who were laid off haven't been training for. The market is filling in this skill gap by training the younger generation, who are already far more adept at using computers, unfortunately it leaves a lot of people with useless skills sitting around wondering when their job is coming back. "
 "because racism is what keeps our country going"
 "I'm getting your meaning now dude.  I'm chill and you're getting all worked up.  Happy New Year and have plenty chews and dip(shits) in the new year!"
 "R.I.P Headphone Users 2014"
 "/u/couldofhave"
 "\"You're doing such a good job\". This infuriates me. I am not doing a good job or a bad job. I have no choice. The pain is happening to me without my permission. I am just the victim when I am in labor."
 "Smooth, silky wrists...."
 "This breaks down with 3 kids.  my sisters would pick fights with me and fight each other over the top of me to upset me.  Why? So my parents would put ME in the front seat."
 "Listverse.com"
 "For now, yes."
 "Withhold sex willingly to teach my partner a lesson."
 "These people also use credit card touchpads this way. They feel they have to mash that sucker for it to go through."
 "My mom was depressed. Dad took my brother, our friend and me to Big Bear to play in the snow all day. Living in LA, it was wonderful."
 "If you think someone working at McDonalds for 40 hours a week, 50 weeks a year at $7.25 an hour produces less value for society than what they produce, I'd like to introduce you to the Wall Street asshole that made $22 million a year ($11000 an hour, in 2007) and ran a 157 year old institution into the ground, Dick Fuld: "Their parents find them as a disappointment. And usually in other countries they would kill themselves"
 "#3232;_#3232;"
 "/tv/ pls go. pls."
 "With benefits."
 "  It should be illegal to advertise prescription medication on television."
 "But you never edited it"
 "Tip: Create an emergency fund. That way with situations like that they don't destroy you financially."
 "Example: I once worked at a company called C.C.I.  Casework Concepts Inc. (in Southeast Kansas) and after being there for 3 months you were due for an automatic 50cent per hour raise, so what they started doing was to fire those about to hit the 3 month mark and hire someone brand new so they could pay them crap for 3 months and then dump them and hire someone new as there is always someone who needs a job and will hire on in the hopes of something good coming from it, and THAT kind of business mentality is spread country wide here in the U.S., company profit above all else!"
 "same computer, different website. "
 "Watch dora the explorer  Edit: this will get me into some kind of list"
 "Duuuuude that's the best theory I've heard of. I think Stannis has to die because he's sort of \"evil\" with his alliance with The Lord of Light, but your theory makes sense. I think Tyrion will come back to Westeros in the end and may die a heroic death. I kind of think Tyrion will die in the very end, but definitely agree that Jon will have a major role in the very end."
 "It is the 41st Millennium. For more than a hundred centuries The Emperor has sat immobile on the Golden Throne of Earth. He is the Master of Mankind by the will of the gods, and master of a million worlds by the might of his inexhaustible armies. He is a rotting carcass writhing invisibly with power from the Dark Age of Technology. He is the Carrion Lord of the Imperium for whom a thousand souls are sacrificed every day, so that he may never truly die.  Yet even in his deathless state, the Emperor continues his eternal vigilance. Mighty battlefleets cross the daemon-infested miasma of the Warp, the only route between distant stars, their way lit by the Astronomican, the psychic manifestation of the Emperor's will. Vast armies give battle in his name on uncounted worlds. Greatest amongst his soldiers are the Adeptus Astartes, the Space Marines, bio-engineered super-warriors. Their comrades in arms are legion: the Imperial Guard and countless planetary defence forces, the ever vigilant Inquisition and the tech-priests of the Adeptus Mechanicus to name only a few. But for all their multitudes, they are barely enough to hold off the ever-present threat from aliens, heretics, mutants - and worse.  To be a man in such times is to be one amongst untold billions. It is to live in the cruelest and most bloody regime imaginable. These are the tales of those times. Forget the power of technology and science, for so much has been forgotten, never to be re-learned. Forget the promise of progress and understanding, for in the grim darkness of the far future there is only war. There is no peace amongst the stars, only an eternity of carnage and slaughter, and the laughter of thirsting gods. note "
 "I got some asshole kicked out of The wolf of wallstreet a few days ago. He kept shouting at leo like he was going to respond to whatever incoherent bs he could come up with."
 "Yes. It's from a Cracked \"photoplasty\" contest."
 "Snapchat."
 "Fair enough."
 "I don't speak crude emoticons."
 "Smoking. Like, even if she's really attractive. The smell just makes me not want to be around her."
 "Knock Knock  Who there?  Not potato  Such is life"
 "I love Taylor Swift. She's so adorable and her personality in interviews is just too cute.   And she's sexy as hell, so there's that too.   "\"Sorry.\""
 "Body hair in general is kinda gross. (Even on myself.)   Light blonde hair kinda gets a pass."
 "Step 0, get a job that pays well enough to allow all this. I spent a lot of years in survival mode before I started taking my career seriously."
 "I hope not."
 "Well what is that something?  I would imagine that stick a battleaxe in there would hurt."
 "Good, cause the finns don't seem to understand english"
 "Bosnian.  I've got a Bosnian friend, and for some reason, I think it'd be like super cool to have a conversation with him that no one could understand, because the odds of someone else in the room knowing Bosnian is waaaaay lower than like Spanish or something."
 "Kidz Bop has had multiple albums hit #2 on the charts  EDIT: Grammar  "
 "Let us laugh together,  this was fun.  It was ALWAYS FUN"
 "A beginning is the time for taking the most delicate care that the balances are correct. This every sister of the Bene Gesserit knows. To begin your study of the life of Muad'Dib, then take care that you first place him in his time: born in the 57th year of the Padishah Emperor, Shaddam IV. And take the most special care that you locate Muad'Dib in his place: the planet Arrakis. Do not be deceived by the fact that he was born on Caladan and lived his first fifteen years there. Arrakis, the planet known as Dune, is forever his place.      from Manual of Muad'Dib by the Princess Irulan  -Frank Herbert's \"Dune\" "
 "You'd be surprised. "
 "They do"
 "you go girl"
 "THE SPAGHETTI TACO IS A CRUEL AND DRAINING SPOUSE AND I NEED A RESTRAINING ORDER FOR MYB OWN SAFETY I BEG YOU YOUR HONOUR"
 "That Columbus was some intrepid hero. He was actually a complete cunt (scuse my francais)"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Apparently not."
 "Wings"
 "I think Reddit has definitely taken a turn for the worse in a lot of aspects, racism included, over the last year.  I've been here for a good 5/6 years, under another username which I the other day. I don't think it can at all be blamed on the influx of younger users, there are plenty of older users joining too, it's just the calibre of users doesn't seem to be what it was a few years ago.  Perhaps this is just another round of shit-kickers, who will eventually disappear, but Reddit seems the shittiest I've ever seen it, only over the last year.  And I know these internet atheists aint gonna fuck off any time soon, but fuck me! Are these hypersensitive 14 year olds breeding?"
 "All women/girls are identical and have the same preferences. Oh. Wait. That's not right at all."
 "Yeah, I'm going to go through with it though, and thanks for my first gold!"
 "EEEEEEE^EEEEEEE^EEEEEE^EEEEE^EEEE^EEEEE"
 "First job was working as soccer linesman/concession stand worker at 12 on Saturdays and Sundays.  I don't know if it's possible to get away with this anymore.  It was great for me though and they paid in cash."
 "They already are retractable. There's a muscle called the cremaster that contracts to pull the testicles into the body (usually as a response to the cold, for temperature regulation). Sumo wrestlers learn how to consciously control this muscle so the family jewels don't get damaged during fights.  It's like raising one eyebrow at a time or wiggling your ears; you can do it, you just need to practice."
 "As long as it not in the "It's called queuing"
 "By far this one! A shitty end to a shitty year. I keep trying to tell myself it's just another day, who the fuck cares. I got all dressed up and did my hair and pretended I was going out. Then changed back to pjs. My friends are all scattered about the country. I'm sitting on my friends couch beyond bummed. "
 "I'll give you some of mine. Win/win."
 "My Siamese cross will sit on my lap. After about five minutes, he'll start to knead my forearm. In another five minutes, he will start drooling and purring madly.  It is both gross and endearing.  He also must jump on the bed when I have washed the sheets, roll around to re-fur everything then dig up when I put the flat sheet over him. He is crazy, foolish, and utterly adorable. He will break my heart when he finally does pass away."
 "A dildo."
 "Gaelic. because I take pride in being Celtic. or Russian because you know only bad asses speak Russian."
 "HEH DER TER JERRRR"
 "\"I don't care\" works with most people at my school. "
 "Yeah but wages don't rise as quickly as manufacturing costs drop, so it's probably not so much the result of higher wages as the result of cheaper technology."
 "Thanks for the suggestion.   Just a quick question, why stop at the torch? Just replace the entire statue with a giant dildo."
 "women?"
 "Having to explain every joke, illuminate every instance of irony, and clarify every measure of hyperbole.  Most people are just dull."
 "Wings. I believe I can fly playing from the clouds on repeat above 30,000 feet"
 "Aussie here: in the city, I just walk into a medical centre and wait up to half an hour. In the country you may not be able to get seen that day (only because doctors would really rather live in the city). If you present in the emergency room with something non life threatening then you can wait more than 12 hours.   I'd much rather face a long wait than know the place was empty because people couldn't afford the care they need. "
 "The double clutching method. I do it just because it feels so satisfying "
 "The one for my locale."
 "Vomit on his sweater. "
 "Eli Manning Throws Big-Boy Touchdown"
 "Lawyer here.  The job market is as bad as everyone says.  Don't go to law school except for two scenarios - (1) you can get into a top-15 school, or (2) you get into your state's best public law school, in-state tuition there is reasonable, you want to work in that state, and you don't expect to make a ton of money, at least not at first.  The worst thing you can possibly do is borrow a ton of money to go to a private, non-elite school."
 "I would have: all the classes from Chivalry: Deadliest Warrior, all classes from Planetside 2, Edward Kenway, the guy from Fez, and the Dragonborn.  I'm pretty sure that would end up being a VERY deadly team."
 "How large a family?  Does mom need to work too or not? "
 "*holds up shiv-fork*"
 "While I think social programs are necessary, I do think they create a dependence on government."
 "Pro tip: start out with at least 1 good beer and then move to Budweiser/miller etc. "
 "Thank you! :)"
 "The usage dictates otherwise."
 "Awesome, just remember if you get depressed during your PhD, ask yourself, \"How will I feel about this when I'm 70?\".  That is, your 70 year old self will probably be thankful that you sacrificed your social life and salary for 4 years in order to secure a better life for the next 40+!!"
 "Wow fuck yeah! That's an accomplishment! "
 "Storytime pls."
 " e classes. Once you learn the material, one of your local technical colleges should offer the certification test.   where? i cant find these free online courses you are talking about"
 "ditto on the china, every time I look at my china in the cabinet I cringe at the money that was spent on it.  And really now with big parties we just use fancy paper plates, who knew?   as for the food processor, we got a cuisinart food processor, that thing is a beast.   "
 "Wow, I thought I forgot some weird shit."
 "I volunteer at a food pantry. A client came in with an order for 6 people. Another volunteer who I have never worked with before said to me, within earshot of the client, \"If she needs an order for six, she needs some birth control.\"  I was really flabbergasted that he would say something like that, so I just said, \"Uh, those might not all be her kids...and anyway I don't judge the clients.\" His response? \"I know, I was just being mean.\" Um...okay. I really wish I'd said something more poignant. "
 "oh dear..... "
 "My stepdad (a jazz musician) would name the key. \"E flat!\"  "
 "You gonna regret seeing a bitstrip."
 "Everyone knows Gameboys are docile creatures. You may have scarred it for life."
 "Don't be a dumbass."
 "So much damn wasted time."
 "Blue whales."
 "... chest farts?"
 "I just can't do it! I consider myself pretty open minded. But this just creeps me out.   Not as much as touching though. ;shudder;"
 "Driving in general."
 "Gallons of my favourite cologne, I know for a fact that my \"enemy\" can't stand the smell of it. Also peanuts, lots and lots of peanuts. I enjoy eating peanuts but my \"enemy\" is highly alergic to them. "
 "Out of your vagina?"
 "even if this was to happen it wouldn't stop starvation. Not enough energy would be produced. I'd imagine the human brain uses more energy in a single day than a plant does in it's entire lifetime. "
 "[By watching "Nuh uh, I'm a nice ass guy. I'd out nice you any day. Sheesh those Trevors are always at it...."
 "My ex-brother in law actually did this. He was supposed to be holding up my sisters legs (they were numb from the epidural) and he was like \"uhh, I'm so hungry. I am going to get some food.\" Then he dropped her leg, walked out and came back 15 minutes later with french toast. Then the nurse asked him if he wanted to hold the baby and he was like \"I'm eating\". "
 "Most Americans do what the television tells them to do and think what the television tells them to think.   Also, redditors are petulant children."
 "Most college makes admit to regularly getting stoked"
 "My one and only gold was on 2 or 3 upvotes, telling somebody not to be a dick. "
 "My parents were shingling the roof one day, and I wanted to help. (:  I grabbed a nail, and climbed up the ladder to the top of the roof, and held it out for them. My mom handled the situation pretty well considering she didn't freak out her child still in diapers could die from falling that height, and walked over to me smiling as not to make me cry and lose my footing.  "
 "Nothing quite like your first car, fuck yeah! "
 "It's been a while since I've been on that site. One of the things that irked me quite a bit was the snappy come backs page. I hate it when service dog handlers are rude and snarky. I know answering the same question 100 times in a day is annoying but replying with a snarky comment is not going to help anyone. The person is probably offended and hurt, learned nothing about dogs or how to interact with a team better and the handler left a bad impression.  Another one was how to handle an access dispute. It's important to educate, I'll agree to that. Standing up for your rights is important as well. However being a brat about the dispute won't solve anything, neither will trampling over others rights. Filming someone without their permission is an invasion or privacy either way you look at it and in many places it is illegal. Yes it is important to document but teams don't have the right to film someone else without permission and it does happen, there are numerous videos on youtube where the business owners ask the handlers to stop filming and they don't.   I have no idea if any of the original stories are still there, it's been years since I've been on it. Still, just because a site is listed as a .org, doesn't mean it's impeccable. Linking to the ADA, FHA and ACAA will be more accurate than that site. I know my rights, I know the businesses rights, I know how my dog should act that's all I need to know. With the kind of site it seems to be, I feel if I challenged the website owner, questioned his authority or disagree with his opinion in any way, he'd go on the defensive and call me a faker! Last thing I need is a bunch of his cronies on my butt trying to trample my rights.  I'm just not a fan of the service dog community for this reason, everyone is so quick to call faker or anything else simply because someone disagrees with another. People are allowed to have opinions. I have mine you have yours, live an let live. As long as no one is hurting anyone, what's the big deal? "
 "The world needs less assholes. So you're out, asshole"
 "You could prep  paint a wall and still have time to pull the masking tape and so the cleanup."
 "That was because of a slave raid back in the 17th century"
 "Not me, but a friend told me decided not to play rugby in his university because the new guys literally get fingered by the older players. "
 "Do you text your friends saying happy new year?"
 "We met, we hit it off almost immediately. We started hanging out. We decided why deny the clear sexual attraction we have to each other and decided to give sex a chance. It was great, so we rinsed and repeated. "
 "Mine some Dogecoin  /r/dogecoin"
 "people don't seem to understand that the .5 mile of on ramp is for you to reach highway speeds not to get on the highway 30 mph below the speed limit then merge make everyone slow down and then speed up "
 "Don't stick your dick in crazy."
 "Ron Jeremy would like to talk to you"
 "At the time, we lived very close to Luke AFB. Immediately after 9/11 there were concrete blockades and armed sentries at the base entrances. It was all very surreal for a civillian."
 "nudists colony?"
 "Separate the eating and breathing passageways. Would really cut back on the absurd amount of choking errors that keep occurring."
 "how much can you lift? "
 "banning circumcision "
 "No, that was our previous president. Obama was met with a pile of shit in the white house, and has been doing his best to work with it. Compound on to that an obstructionist congress, and there is no chance of cleaning Bush's mess in even two terms."
 "In some places that's the difference between being able to afford Internet and not, for example. It's not meaningless at that level of wage."
 "Farting story:  Sitting next to my X of 7 years in a college class, around 30 people in a small room. She had become so comfortable around me that when she farted she pushed them hard, trying to make it as loud as possible.  Forgot she was in class. It was fucking loud, everyone turns around and stares. She turns red, and looks to me with a \"please for the love of God take credit for that.\"  I stood up and said:  \"Sorry guys, that was my fault... I fed her burritos last night.\"  They died laughing. She hated me, *more*, at first but saw the humor in it after about a week.  **EDIT: Fixing the confusion. We dated for 7 years. We broke up weeks prior to this event, but still shared many classes together. And that shit is a story for another day.**"
 "get out."
 "He opted for more leisure time. He got it."
 "There's no point in feeling bad about this child's demise, because the deck was obviously stacked against him from the start.  XD"
 "Yeah, it doesn't really work if there's 2 pedophiles in a relationship."
 "he did specify \"flip burgers\" not be an actual chef or line cook. The kid at mcdonalds or dunkin donuts is no Anthony Bourdain.   "
 "We never said anything, but as soon as you left the room, we talked a lot of shit."
 "Idk man but if you go out with your co workers you might learn from them how they pick up chicks and try yourself"
 "[Probably more Information than you reaches the Point of WWII in 6th or 7th grade depending on the school form, and sadly never leaves that until graduation."
 "I knew a girl who had bunny tracks leading to her butthole"
 "There's crazy helicopters. What about "Losing weight is always better when you've got a support network to keep you on track and keep you motivated. In the past, people used to turn to groups like Weight Watchers. Now, in the internet age, it's all about MyFitnessPal and subreddits like /r/keto and /r/paleo . Either way, anybody intending to try to bring their weight down can't do it alone."
 "I secretly agree with this."
 "Guys can just throw on whatever clothes and look great 30 seconds after they roll out of bed with no effort. They don't have to do makeup or fix their hair or accessorize or figure out which pair of shoes works with their outfit for the day. "
 "I paint them a different color. "
 "I worked at Subway a few years back, and my coworkers and I would always have drink wars. We would put random things in each other's drinks (spicy mustard, jalapeno juice, slices of ham, oregano) and watch from a distance as they took a sip.   One day, I thought it would be hilarious to dump a good amount of morton's salt in my buddy's water. We just used the 32oz subway cups as our personal drinking cups, mind you. You couldn't really see through them all too well.   There was at least an inch of salt sitting in the bottom of this dude's cup. I mean, it was a LOT of salt. I thought \"there's no way he's going to do this.\" So I patiently wait in the back area for him to be done with one of our only customers for the night. As he rounds the corner, I pick my cup from the counter and casually take a sip... this was the method we used to provoke thirst in the opponent. Sure as shit, he grabs his cup and takes two very large gulps. No idea how he didn't realize it right away. I honestly didn't even believe that he actually drank it. His immediate reaction was disgust, followed by \"oh my god, what was that? It felt like a slushy.\" He set his cup down and walked to the bathroom in no hurry.   About 25 minutes go by, and he comes out from the bathroom and tells me that he had just \"spent the past 20 minutes yakking my brains out. Thank you, dick.\""
 "Happy New Year to you too, have a good one!"
 "Doesn't matter, got cake."
 "That it rains more in New York than in Seattle. That its windier in Dallas than Chicago. Also where I'm from a good amount of people seem to think blood is blue and will fight you to defend it."
 "DISNEYLAND was owned by me and (everything) had at least one picture of Johnny Deep, Nicholas Cage and Ariana Grande hidden somewhere as if it was an easter egg"
 "\"Can you smell popcorn?\"  *Everyone takes a good sniff* "
 "You're rather butthurt, I see.   I answered your silly question with a rhetorical question.   Are you salty because you're all alone on NYE?"
 "Mine rests on my nuts/leg."
 "Oh man thanks for posting this one so fast. Still my favorite after fifteen years. "
 "That is exactly what I was looking for. I appreciate your lack of \"college or McDonald's\" attitude."
 "Banana for scale."
 "Oligopolies"
 "I scooted around on my bum up until I was 6. On my feet in school but around on my bum in my house including up and down the stairs.   I also used to be a big Formula 1 racing nut and apparently after a certain memorable race in Spa in 1998 when I was 3 I was able to \"quote the full race commentary from Murray Walker\" I can't remember it but this story has been backed by my family and also by my auntie who i visited later that day(in retrospect)."
 "We did all sorts of dick stuff, I don't remember too many of em."
 "Only if you pop a boner. And they sensuously rub against it."
 "I see this happen far too often... people left in the dust. It sucks."
 "[The Scale of the "I fap."
 "I have that. It also causes my heart rate to spike more than it should, so that's not great.  I've been called \"overexcitable\" ... I enjoy it though."
 ";)"
 "Did she look like a smurf afterwards?  Please let her look like a smurf"
 "I feel like typing mistakes are more acceptable. I hope its not just me, but I mistype 'g' and 'd' all the time. It starteg out when I was hand writind, and then somehow I screwed it up while typind.  Ninja edit: damnit."
 "I hope yours brings you the balls you need, you worthless waste of space."
 "Teeth that constantly replace themselves, sorry to all the dentist in advance."
 "In overpopulated regions, yes. In the first world, mostly not."
 "I'm happy for your penis"
 "It's like cookie Russian Roulette"
 "There's only one Onion article I've ever liked, but it was a doozy. [The Ninja Parade.] "I was sitting down at the subway when a large, burly guy walked up to me. He yelled in my ears, \"Get the hell off the fucking chair you tool. It's mine and it always will be.\" I could smell alcohol in his breath. I told him, \"the difference between you and a tool is that a tool is useful.\" Several people were watching and a couple of them laughed. I felt good about the response, all right. "
 "different eating tube and air tube in mouth, too much choking  better support of intestines (less hernias)  wider visual spectrum  the craving for vitamins, not calories"
 "If you like to charcoal grill, get a weber smokey mountain.  Or if you really really like to grill, ask for a big green egg, at least 18\" inches.   "
 "The Special forces get deployed to "B-but what about the booty? "
 "Yea me too! I had to try it! Now I can out-grandma everyone at work!"
 "I am a naval aircrewman in the US Marine Corps. I'm not a pilot, I do all the other stuff on the plane. Troubleshoot systems, load/deal with cargo, eyes and ears in the back. I'm on C-130s. Anyway. We have a chemical toilet in the back of the plane, with a curtain you draw around it. Not at all a bathroom. There's an unspoken rule that YOU DO NOT SHIT ON THE PLANE. It is just fucking gross.   We're on a transatlantic from Mildenhall (England) to St. John's, Canada. About halfway through I turn to the other loadmaster on the plane and I'm like \"dude, I gotta shit.\" He starts laughing and says \"go ahead. See what happens.\" I get to my breaking point and go sit down. He waits like 10 secs and then announces to the entire plane over intercom that WDWDASH IS TAKING A SHIT! COME TAKE A LOOK! I'm like hahaha mofo, but about 15 seconds after that an entire cooler of ice gets dumped on me from over the curtain.  TL,DR; YOU DO NOT SHIT ON THE PLANE. "
 "Is that the small one that you can drink quickly? /s"
 "all the cat shit floating around, why are cats so suddenly popular. DOG POWER.  im allergic to cats...severely  so its impossible for me to enjoy them "
 "Oh my god thank you, that looks so much better."
 "The idiom is \"couldn't care less\". If they're saying \"could care less\", they're simply incorrectly using the idiom."
 "The only way to charge a person with evidence is if you have evidence, and if you have no evidence, you can't charge a person using that evidence(that's technically not there.)"
 "I think it has to do with giving the feeling that you're making it a contest. If you're being pedagogical on something in which there is a real reason why you'd have more knowledge (e.g. someone asked you about what YOU did at work or in your studies or as your home project), then it's fine, but if it's someone else talking about what they do and you interrupt them to add everything you know about what they are talking about at every occasion, it's pretty bad.  I know I love to talk about basically anything I'm passionate about, and I tend to be passionate about most things I start doing, so I have to make a conscious effort not to sound like a condescending asshole or a bragger sometimes :)"
 "Magnet arms."
 "Taking pictures in general. I go on vacations and take decent pictures of everybody. When it's my turn to be the subject, all I get are crotch shots and tilted, out of focus garbage..."
 "Traffic light \"The Purge\" situation. "
 "As crappy as Comcast is, you can add a landline for approx $8 extra a month...most are getting internet anyways."
 "We are in a thread discussing repercussions of doubling minimum wage. "
 "The Carolina Reaper chili pepper, currently declared by the Guinness Book of World records as the world's hottest pepper.  "
 "So glad this doesn't happen here in Britain.  Because roundabouts - roundabouts everywhere."
 "Those responses usually mean they're bored. "
 "Wipe front to back. "
 "He did it in some thread a week ago too.  Every second top comment was his."
 " but I'm not going to risk it.  That is the correct attitude. Folks too often try to justify their drinking--even smaller amounts with that stupid equation of body weight x number of drinks x time passed. Or as you said, how drunk one *feels*. If you have to even consider it, don't drive. First hand experience can assert its not worth it. "
 "I dont know why this is happening. "
 "it wasnt really love, but i thought i liked a guy, and well 3 months into the relationship, he decided he wanted someone else, while we were together. and he got her pregnant. he tried to win me back by writing a song, which was very dull and stupid. he was a dick, i told him i aint nobodys second choice, and left."
 "What happens if the uneducated goes for the hand while you go for the wrist, causing them to hesitate or parry and thus falling?"
 "Spanish because I live in California."
 "Religious, smokes, any drug use, heavy drinking (a little bit is fine but it's lame being around someone always getting trashed or even loopy,) racist, overly emotionally political, democrat/republican, not affectionate enough, judgmental about my hobbies, and doesn't like The Wheel of Time.    In other words, I am single. "
 "You explain how the world is, I'm talking about how the world should be. I'm hoping that one day enough people will give a shit about Tim the barista. Sure, being poor in a western country today is better than it was 100 years ago, and there will always be poorer people, but that's no excuse for complacency. We can and should do better."
 "Eh....sure, why not."
 "I think we should include student loan debt. Not destroying your credit and having your pay garnished seems like a necessity. I realize not everyone has loans but hell, not everyone pays rent or maybe utilities are included. Enough people have this debt that it should be considered."
 "Put bottles standing up at the store check out."
 "When you said \"fiddly bits\", I thought I wasn't going to learn anything. Thanks for teaching me some thing!"
 "Stop putting shit in my mouth!"
 "I assume you're talking about Canada here, in which case this isn't really a problem. The bleeding hearts will tell you it's an environmental issue, or that it's cruel. It's neither. The seals are a pest, in some areas NOT killing them will cause more issues than leaving them alone. As to the clubbing, yes it's gruesome, but death is nearly instant.   The regulations around the industry are robust and scientifically based. The only reason this is an \"issue\" is because da widdel seals are so darn cute."
 "In the long run telling the truth is the most beneficial course to take.  However, this is like a one month dating type thing and the sex is horrible the first time and then doesn't approve, you fake to end it as quickly as possible and abandon ship.  Women who are willing to invest there knowledge of the female body with their partners for everyone benefit is a keeper.  "
 "Why not?"
 "SHOULD. Not everyone is in a healthy relationship and not everyone gets out of them as quickly as they'd like."
 "What if they don't want to die?"
 "He's a real American."
 "My cat loves to eat grass. We keep her indoors now and bring the grass in to her. After the first couple of times, every time one of us came in, she would do this weird growling meow that we call her \"grass meow\", and insists we hand feed her fresh grass. "
 "Many of them end up in [Santa Claus, where, since 1914, volunteers have been answering them. "
 "Ignoring them?   Or the other approach is to pick times when nobody is around (I used to run at about midnight so that nobody could see me for this reason) until you've made some progress. You'll rapidly stop giving a shit what anyone else thinks. Then you go in whenever the hell you want to, because you are the goddamn man now."
 "Kevin Spacey walks out onto a balcony. The crowd below starts snapping pics. He holds of a single finger as in \"wait one minute.\" Runs inside, grabs a camera and starts taking pictures of the crowd. (From before cellphone cameras being everywhere.)  "
 "That might be me, the name's Spencer, but I'm not too clear on the down syndrome thing. I have always been called special..."
 "Thanks, what a nice way to start the year!"
 "Until they have to surgically remove your watch from your forehead after the airbag makes you falconpunch your own face that is."
 "English."
 "According to this logic; some hot bitches want the D.  "
 "Well your post seemed a little heated so I responded in turn. I must have misinterpreted your emotion, text is a bitch like that sometimes.  Happy New Years!"
 "It will put some wear on the shift forks but it takes a long time unless you're putting a fair bit of pressure on the shifter. This is coming from someone who has rebuilt a few manual transmissions."
 "August 2008 - met  an annoying guy from Minnesota. REALLY did not like him at first....ended up marrying him."
 "I hate it when Burt squeaks when I walk. Annoying as hell"
 "Telling me once in a while that they're thinking about me!"
 "Either,  or both.   "
 "That's not true. If I tell my husband I'm just not feeling it, it's fine and he doesn't take it badly.  The context here is that we are very open and honest about sex (and everything else). If I do have a complaint about sex he knows I'll bring it up, and he knows I'm not being malicious or saying he's totally shit. So, he trusts what I say because we've built up that trust and openness.  I guess it helps that we've been together nearly a decade and had a lot of great sex. If you're young, new to sex or new to sex with that person I can see why it's all a bit more 'on edge' as it were. It has taken time to get to this point."
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "*fewer.  :P"
 "There are a few: I saw A Day to Remember with Rise Against. That was my first concert and it was in a large venue so the hype was huge and it was just awesome.   I saw The Bunny the Bear (my favorite band) in a really shady bar with my best friend and it was so great.   Bad Veins played at a local bar with Heyrocco, and I was on a date with my girlfriend, and for their whole setlist I felt like I was in a music video. I've seen a lot of bands there and none besides Bad Veins has put any effort into the actual setup. They had lights in mason jars on poles wrapped with roses. The lights were synced with the music and it was absolutely stunning. Also they talked with us before and after the show and they're super nice.   Finally, I recently saw Between the Buried and Me at the Orange Peel. They played through the entire Parallax II all the way through without stopping. It sounded perfect and the execution was mindblowing. "
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "my cat will come when he's called. I didn't teach it to him either he just kinda caught on."
 "All joking aside, if your car starts doing something like that, just tap the brake pedal (DO NOT SLAM IT), shift the car into neutral, coast to the shoulder, and put on the parking brake. There, problem solved."
 "And they're rich because of the lobbyists that give them money  Campaign funds =/= personal wealth "
 "Ok I will try it out. Thanks."
 "Thanks! I'll definitely do that next time! We were kind of near the front isle, so we were hoping one would just hear them, but I guess next time I'll have to go get one!"
 "My parents say they used to find little baby toothmarks in the cheese in the fridge"
 "Some people just don't know how to budget at all. Also, it's not any wonder that you'd be able to save money making $16 an hour if you're careful. However, someone like myself who lives paycheck to paycheck can't really save anything."
 "Exercise, fatty. Moving is fun."
 "I guess it was a good enough excuse! Thanks, sorry I really can't afford to give it back. :("
 "She is a terrible liar"
 "Some states have \"legal separation\", which is basically divorce except in name.  It's for religious people who won't do an actual divorce.  Otherwise, just separating is often a way of taking time out without formally ending the marriage.  Divorce is almost always 100% final."
 "Being there. I feel more comfortable when I stay away from emotional stuff. But my parents and brother aren't speaking to each other. So I'm trying to be there for my parents, and being there for my brother. I was supposed to be in England right now. I postponed it, until everything settles."
 "Oh god... when I was a kid me and my sister had it for a week or so, then it got stuck in her hair.  \"Floam\" wasn't allowed in the house after that."
 "Unless you were doing it in a joking manner, I probably wouldn't be that impressed.       Using her name is probably your best bet. If someone was getting to know me at that stage, I'd much rather be called by my first name than \"girl\"."
 "When I was at secondary school (age 11-16) we had a dedicated bus just for us. When I was at college (16-18) we had a pass to get a free trip to and from town each day on public transport and a discount at weekends."
 "A few loads of laundry. Cook supper and find a movie to watch."
 "I got *that* reference."
 "There are a couple spots with lens flare that are stars but only a handful. "
 "It should also be said that the most valuable employee at a given skill level is one that is content doing a job efficiently for a long period of time. If you have a college degree and are making hamburgers, you're probably going to want a shot at doing something better relatively soon which causes \"shuffle\" (change, hiring, training, really anything that disrupts the process). If you give a career hamburger maker a raise to hamburger-maker-manager after 10 years, they are content. Someone who wants that title after 3 months may end up costing the company more than the position is worth. "
 "Fair enough.  Ox Tail curry is quite nice.  I think it's Caribbean/South American."
 "Have you literally never come across people who speak English as a second language?"
 "Call a local UPS store and set up an account to have it shipped there. "
 "I find someone to have sex with."
 "Almost every single day."
 "Why does anyone accept to work for less than $24 an hour? $7 an hour would barley cover my lunch, a pack of cigs and a pack of condoms."
 "Informative without bias, like a reddit comment should be. Great job! "
 "can't get enough of those pens"
 "You have to learn Russian to go into space"
 "I actually hate guys who insist on trying to get me off first! Maybe I'm just weird."
 "\"Living wage\" is actually a movement started years ago in Baltimore. This is a great article about it, I don't agree with all of it but for the history, it's personally just don't understand what sort of entitlement people were taught growing up that they think they should have the right to demand to earn more than they earn for the company they work for. If you make 10 dollars an hour for the company with the work you do, and you demand to get paid 15 an hour... well, every hour you cost that business 5 dollars. If everyone does that, soon, half of you will be working grueling hours and the other half will be unemployed. "
 "let someone else roast your beans"
 "Ok I will try it out thanks."
 "There's no such thing as a matriarchal conspiracy."
 "That entire post-9/11 issue was amazing. So much perfectly-balanced content, made all the more remarkable by the fact that they were one of the first outlets to return to comedy after it happened."
 "If base pay was increased then your pay would increase relative to the initial increase. You wouldn't be stuck with twenty one an hour."
 "Yeah... I went skiing last week. It's more of a human right *not* to ski."
 "When I was 5, I saw veggie tales at church. I learned that Bob was a tomato. Well that night, my parents ordered pizza and we ate it for dinner. I was a curious child, so I decided to ask what the red stuff on the pizza was. When they responded with tomato, I only ate the crust because I didn't want to eat Bobs family"
 "I've been lucky enough not to ever have broken a bone, but I was the same way, for a few seconds I'm like 'OK, THIS must be what a broken bone feels like'.  And about the same on the after effects, but I felt a little divot for a long time where it hit. "
 "Just wondering, do you use Reddit to help you with that?"
 "Insecurity, negativity, and projection. "
 "High school in Vancouver. "
 "From societies point of view, if the two people are male, then yes. But I completely disagree. Emotion is a powerful thing and if you love your friend in a way that you are both comfortable with that, then embracing them in such a way is completely fine. There are all kinds of love."
 "Sure.  Vegas loves fraud, and won't do a thing about it if they catch you.  And they certainly don't have teams of people whose sole job is to catch you."
 "I'm a guy but: Because it's fucking hot outside. Same reason I wear cargo shorts. Get some air up in that."
 "Definitely. I would also like to add, if you don't know how to be happy without money, you won't know how to be happy with money"
 "Women need guys to appear stoic and hard."
 "I don't think it was necessary. It was just one of those things where it feels faster if you shake it because you're more actively involved.  Basically like placibo "
 "wings.   'nuff said."
 " This is a fine example of government taking care of it's citizens.  Except of course the citizens it's stealing from to 'take care' of the other ones.   *\"A government that robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul.\"*"
 "wrong I like it "
 "I believe that if any person went on a personal case by case situation then the mentality would be that it is completely wrong to not pay everyone a livable wage.   The reason it happens is because big huge corporations don't have to face or see this situation. They basically stick their head in the sand. Often times it's the local small mom  pop businesses that pay better because they see what's happening to their workers. There are many full time homeless workers. I myself once found out the reason I couldn't get approved for an apartment to rent because personal at my job was to lazy to call back to verify if I worked there.  Also, hard work has absolutely nothing to do with success. It has much more to do with how much education you have which usually has to do with how much money the family your born into has. "
 "It's that we should all be worried about now."
 "Rub one out. Flap the bacon. Pound ham. Choke the bishop. Flog the dog. Jack it. "
 "But extreme in a good way, right?"
 "|like a man trying to wipe the frosting off a wedding cake with a paper towel  Perfect simile"
 "Martin Luther King Jr. and Anne Frank were born in the same year."
 "yeah, my photoshop detector is going off."
 "Lots of money. I'd have it, and that shit-stain can pay my best friend some fucking child-support."
 "Generosity.  I have 2 other caring and generous friends who don't ever let me spend too much cause they're more conscious about my money than I am, so we can all be generous together."
 "Then you go to the next bed."
 "when you're messing with some one. \"i'm just twisting your tit.\" "
 "Very bad idea. You do *not* want a casino mad at you"
 "Gambling isn't all that exciting.  "
 "I have started polite, had, 'why the fuck should I move?'  in the middle and ended politely. Fucker stayed quiet after that, even though he told me to fuck off.. "
 "If you put them on a pedestal, they'll have to look down on you."
 " The only companies that can absorb a big hit to labor costs while still keeping prices reasonable are the big chain stores and restaurants that many of those same advocates seem to hate so much.  specifically, the ones that aren't labor intensive. This excludes restaurants, for instance.    You don't punish the rich with higher taxes and higher payroll costs.   no, you levy higher taxes because they can absorb it more easily.    They can just increase their prices and still make the same money  no they can't, else they would do that already.   you punish the poorer people who can still barely afford the new higher prices  based on what? you're assuming that the costs of everything will jump in proportion to min wage. more likely, it'll jump much less, because many of our goods and services aren't labor intensive."
 "better yet, just make our digestive system efficient as all fuck, get rid of the waste disposal all together"
 "ah, it's expected. after all, it's just words and there is no voice changing on internet."
 "my pets would freeze to death if I left a window open.  my vehicle would also likely be stolen.  luckily they are house cats and don't go anywhere."
 "On the other hand, if you ask for gold, some random guy may gift it to you."
 "I listen to Taylor Swift as I fall asleep."
 "While helping an ex prepare her grandfather's house for an estate sale,  we found a box marked \"TA books.\" They turned out to be manuals for Ford Model T's and A's. "
 "Chi*"
 "I don't usually bring up the fact that I like to stuff hot sauce up my ass, but I don't don't tell people about it because no one asks."
 "But Google website has suggested results."
 "Haha haha yeah, because only Americans have weight problems,  haha haha how funny and original.  Please, I beg you, tell more jokes like this, like the one about Brits having bad teeth, or Germans having no humor..."
 "You said that when you try to talk to a woman, sometimes you screw up so bad that she remembers it for months afterward...What do you mean?  What types of things are you saying?"
 "What, are chainsaw's better?"
 "My household of three have been living on less than $20k for the past three years. I've been on at least one vacation in each of those three years. By the way, rent is over $1000 where I'm at.   Changes do have to be made, but the larger problem is that more people are relying on part-time employment. I haven't seen a full-time minimum wage job in a very long time. It's usually at least $9/hr. "
 "But perhaps ensure both are the same size. Really god, how hard is that to accomplish?"
 "  That does not sound too bad...where do they get $15?  For unskilled labor? Very, very, *very* few places. Which does unkind things to your math, to say the least."
 "Also, there is another point to consider.  Most people who make your argument do it from the supply / demand standpoint, which largely ignores the fact that labor is also a product on the market. We can tell what any given product is worth, yes? Cost of \"manufacturing\", cost of \"maintenance\", and cost of delivery to market, plus a little more for profit incentive to continue producing said good.  If \"Labor\" is people, and \"cost of living\" is exactly that, then we have identified the correct market price for labor.   Now, many people will ask: If that's what it takes, why have we been able to pay so little for so long? And the answer is outside subsidization. The only way to purchase or acquire an item on the market for far less than it's worth is if someone picks up the tab for the rest. We've been doing that for decades. It's called welfare and food stamps."
 "Portable WiFi"
 "favorite in the thread. Haha"
 "Nice! I like this one.  "
 "\"Hitting tee throws perfect game at special olympics.\"  I know it's wrong on soo many levels and as a teacher who works with students with special needs I shouldn't laugh.  But, it makes me chuckle every time.  "
 "You are a visionary "
 "*Dude* to the power of *I Want His Life*. That's the strongest power of *Dude*."
 "I have, and it's one of my favorite books. Why?"
 "I... wear nail polish. In fact, I'm almost always wearing clear nail polish, nobody's noticed yet."
 "That and 'nucular'. Drives me up the wall."
 "Vampire sneeze. My kids can do it. Why is it so hard for a fucking adult right after they tell me all about how 'under the weather' they are?"
 "I'm pretty positive that both you and i would know if we were brother and sister."
 "In high school. I dated her for four years, stopped being interested after one year, and it was a big mess."
 "As a man who has a dirty job, I guess I'll just use my mouth. "
 "Mmmmh. That warm lint feeling. "
 "It used to be Laura Prepon but she's a scientologist now so forget that."
 "I read it originally as chloroform. Thought he was being extremely cold and saying how starvation would end because they would all be put to sleep."
 "I really liked that they showed Thrawn's secret promotion which was only briefly mentioned in Zahn's trilogy. I also thought it was cool that you were working for the Emperor's inner circle on the side and had the secondary mission objectives. Sweet game."
 "Eh, you can be honest without being brutal or insensitive to the guy's feelings. It might help if you choose your words carefully. Saying \"it's useless\" sounds a lot harsher than \"ah I've just lost my mojo for now\"."
 "Move the balls some place safer and less obtrusive. We don't have our hearts or brains dangling out in the open, so why do it for something just as important for genetic survival?"
 "80% of all jobs are not advertised.  Who you know is critical. "
 "If you have the money, go to Thailand instead. All the tourists, regardless of age, get drunk there with little to no consequences. Just stay away from the drugs."
 "Reddit attracts a large amount of white young STEM professionals who may have hit a rough patch once or twice in their lives, but managed to get back on their feet whether it's due to family, friends, or simple luck. These also happen to be the people most likely to comment on topics that concern economics, social policy and politics in general."
 "Pisses me off how they make all these treats and are seen as a danger to us, yet we don't do shit about them.  Edit: Threats, not treats. "
 "Actually, I think you're right. Netches were non aggressive for the most part. It was the cliff racers. "
 "Damn French."
 "Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 1 in our of either:  * **Your own answer to the question goes in the comments as a reply to your own post.  Your post will not be approved unless your own answer is removed from the text box.**  * **You must post a clear and direct question, and only the question, in your title**  Use the text box to explain your question if necessary (adding context or conditions), but do not use it to share your answer. As the submitter, your answer or story goes in the comments section as a reply to the post. This is to allow for users to distinguish between the question being asked, and the submitter's answer, when voting.  Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited.  [**When you've removed your answer from the textbox, message the mods for review and and ask the moderators to re-approve it.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "you cant love someone else until you can love yourself "
 "Hmm.... I don't think that would be my forte. Lack of experience"
 "gz m8"
 "Somebody give this guy gold and a high five"
 "Dutch"
 "10 10 10's! Ten push-ups, ten squats, ten crunches. All told it takes about two minutes. You can start off by doing a set at some sort of milestone -  in between games of LoL, at the end of a chapter in the book you're reading, etc -  but then you start seeing results and hopefully you'll just find yourself wanting to bust out a set randomly! "
 "Enough"
 "I think it depends on the situation and if it is proven that the parents were aware that the child was sick and intentionally avoided seeking help. There was a serious case here (Ohio) not too long ago involving an Amish family who didn't live too far from me. They refused to let their daughter get the cancer care she needed. Let me find an I don't believe any legal action has been taken *against* the parents, per se. But they did rule that the girl continue treatment to save her life."
 "GUESS WHAT BILLY? *YOU'RE ADOPTED*."
 "Spanish;  The Spanish speaking community here is large and getting larger."
 "Bring home flowers. Get sex"
 "So popular now even the idiots found it."
 "superscript abuse:\"imsostupid\""
 "Wow"
 "Checkmate, atheists "
 "Hold a knife."
 "9.8 x (mass 1 x mass 2) / distance between"
 "/r/outside"
 "Your moms house!!"
 " People who generally believe that not all full-time jobs should pay a living wage, usually do so because they believe in market pricing.  They also have a huge case of \"I've got mine\" crossed with a fear of scarcity. In short, they feel that if *everyone* gets a living wage, it somehow diminishes *them* because they are earning a living wage while some people are not.  Basically, they feel that \"if everyone gets to live, I am somehow less important. If everyone gets to live comfortably, I am somehow worthless\"."
 "soda is just overpriced poison "
 "Cats on the internet. It's not funny anymore."
 "GF and I had just watched The Exorcist, and needless to say she was terrified so she wanted to spend the night. She went home to get her overnight stuff (she lived ~2 minutes away) and in the time she was gone I unscrewed the lightbulb to the living room door so the house would be dark when she came in. She stood there for about a second after shutting the door and realizing the light wouldn't turn on when I jumped out from behind the door (light was on the opposite wall so she wasn't facing me) and I yelled in the possessed girls voice like she does in the movie \"F**k Me!!\"  She proceeded to scream, crumple to the floor, and then got up and started punching me mercilessly. Tiny girl, but she got a few good ones in."
 "I was always wondering how John Howard was able to introduce gun laws, he was under the control of the evil socialist Medicare drugs!"
 "Early riser gets the worm."
 "In the spirit of this: a Gransfors-bruks forest axe, a pregnant goat, Swedish fire steel. Thanks Sweden for two of my choices. I would rather a pallet of duct tape like on Mythbusters but figured that was cheating."
 "My cat likes bringing me gifts, then wants cuddles and pets as rewards.  Luckily she thinks rubber bands are a great gift (I just move them back downstairs and scatter them around when she's brought them all up to my room)."
 "I don't think i've seen anyone use the typist way in 10 years. I learned it but even now I rarely use my pinkies when typing."
 "I think wings would be a good start."
 "Ohio drivers are the worst. I live in WV and everytime a driver is doing something totally moronic you KNOW you're going to see Ohio tags."
 "gz m8"
 "Twoshay."
 "Selective digestion. Let me eat a bunch of junk food, but allow it to go from stomach to a dehydration intestine, and then to my anus without me having to absorb any fat, sugar, etc."
 "I did not know they did that. Thanks :)"
 "\"I love you\""
 "/r/Atheism/"
 "you are awesome!"
 "Except that a person might pay more for a car if it would save money in gas in the long term. In the same way, an employer could see the value in paying higher wages to shore up the consumer base (Henry Ford being probably the most famous example of that). "
 "You make a great point; I really wish minoring in an art was a more enriching experience, so that it would be a better option. But I don't think it's right to discourage people from majoring in the arts, either; I believe art is a vital part of civilization, and it's a shame to devalue the committed young artists seeking to cultivate their creativity and ability, and to lose the potential work of true talent. And it certainly doesn't help that the music business is flooding with \"artists\" of little to no natural talent, while classically trained, brilliant artists have little hope of anything but teaching."
 "Japanese. I spent four years learning it at uni, four months in Japan, and I can't speak it to save my life."
 "Off-topic: Another meter reader rang my doorbell when I was in the shower last winter and I just grabbed a tshirt and some yoga pants and answered the door as fast as I could. I didn't even have time for underwear. She followed me downstairs to our meters and then back upstairs. It wasn't until I shut the door behind her and felt a draft of cold air that I discovered the 4 inch hole in the butt of my pants. I am sure she had an incredible view of my butt crack the whole time. I don't have a good track record with meter readers here."
 "You're the next contestant on who wants to fuck a 5th grader. "
 "gz m8"
 "It pretty much is.  Jobs don't even accept paper applications anymore and it's needed to be able to read email / online bank etc.  I agree $100 is to much but even on the cheapest DSL plans you are going to be paying 30-40 a month.  Also you run into problems such as the hours of the library and the fact that use is limited to 20-30mins at a time in most cases.  Also paying for the Bus / gas in your car to get there in the first place."
 "It's a movie, you dumdum. "
 "Was invited by my girlfriend and the Young Democratic Club to go see Obama give a speech for 2 hours in moderately cold weather.   Drove 20 miles to meet them, got their an hour before them (Didn't have/want to carpool with everyone else). Went and got in line.  An hour and twenty minutes later I'm in the line wondering where the hell the rest of them are. Lo and behold my girlfriend told me that: they cut in line and already were in the speech area.  Looking back on it, I should have just left since it pissed me off to no end (Anger kept me warm). Regardless, I made some friends in line with the people around me and got to see a lot of the campus I'm currently attending."
 " I'm in a simular situation lol and I do speak some Slovak :D"
 "Always such an epic feeling to read that. "
 "Oh yeah, fuck the verbs. It can turn a small cute word into a giant monstrous scary long word."
 "Taking over the world, by manufactering noodles. Noodle inc. Will it be called."
 "gz m8"
 "Cortana level from Halo 3 is fucking grueling to say the least in Legendary difficulty. It's way too fucking dark and enemies pop up like Octomom pops out babies. It's also claustrophobic and the first time, i got thrown in for a loop because i don't know what the hell i'm doing and where i'm going."
 "Designated driver checking in- Making sure my friends don't get arrested. "
 "I will grant you your request on the condition that you write and acknowledge that mountain dew supernova is the best soda out there. "
 "Get brown contacts."
 "My housemates and I have a \"short list\" system when choosing what to watch when no one has a strong opinion. One person picks a few options and the others choose from that list. If they don't pick anything, it's their responsibility to pick the next short list."
 "A girl who is interested in me. "
 "whale"
 "Not a problem. I can say it'll give them great joy. Also, if you DO tell an usher, and they STILL don't shut up, you'll usually be able to get a refund (free movie passes) from the manager after. Hope you at least enjoyed a portion of the movie. "
 "plug for /r/airsoft if you want to get into the sport, or you already play.  Lots of experience, pics, and advice!  I play airsoft and sometimes paintball, and I must admit that paintball is better at a bad field and airsoft is better at a good field.  If you light people up, it's pretty obvious they get hit and both their team, the refs, and your own team will be able to see they were hit and so they usually go out.  Besides, it's pretty easy to get someone to call a hit, as they are essentially fair game until they call hit.  No one wants to be shot with fully automatic guns at their skin; when it hits the same spot multiple times it hurts like a bitch."
 "Abortion."
 "I work for a large bank in the home mortgage department. "
 "My Everybody that's dealing with this check out /r/calmhands."
 "There had got to be a way to make the reproductive process a little easier. I mean, it starts out AWESOME, but it's all downhill after the first, oh, 5-40 mins. "
 "Donkeys aren't shy. We spent the summer volunteering at an animal rescue. He learned a lot. "
 "If you have a library a reasonable transit time away, that sometimes cuts it. Sometimes.  Not everyone is ten minutes from a public library via bus, though."
 "Which county? I know of a place near where I live in Florida that has a similar system with German Shepherds. "
 "a toast to the assholes"
 "If you use the entire roll every time, you might want to consider using a bidet spray."
 "It's a lovely night in, and I'll stay put. Boyfriend will get home sometime after midnight, we will have belated champagne and go to bed like the staid grownups that we are. :)"
 "From a fellow Aussie, that sucks mate. Hope the cider was good."
 "Yes. When you make claims about everyone, and it's not true for someone, it's invalid.  That's why I'm technically right.   I'm still right in spirit, because you've taken experiences personal to you and generalized them for everyone, while having no basis to do so-- you *can't* have a basis, because you're not everyone."
 "Dang, that description was spot on! That's pretty much how I roll. But I honestly don't care about social cliques or groups and stuff. I just would like someone nice to be with. I guess that's kind of a lot to expect in high school.  Thank you for your response!"
 "OH SHIT, YOU'RE *MY* KID. "
 "2001: A Space Odyssey"
 "Interesting. So you like to cleanse your palette while simultaneously eating something? Thereby neutralizing the flavor of that thing?"
 "I dunno. Imagine the cramps."
 "Efficiency is a good trait to have!"
 "BATTLEFRONT FOR THE WIN,BOTH GAMES "
 "Aaaannd.. [here's why this model of labor is "Also have trouble moving fridges.  Have I been on this website too long?"
 "It's ridiculously easy to get evidence saying that someone looked at a moose. If a police officer says he saw you do it, that's evidence. It might not be especially compelling, but it's still evidence."
 "Dope album!"
 "Classic Burt."
 "Rockadoodle??"
 "In the 1980s I wore 4 Swatches on one arm.  "
 "*Hello, Wolfbrother.*"
 "Immortality or at least and end to aging would be nice.  Self cleaning assholes.   Make healthy food taste better than unhealthy food, and make booze and cigs, like vitamins. "
 "I never knew this was a thing until the last group of new hires that came through my store all did the same thing....it makes my eye with when I see it"
 "I have the sassiest lizard on this planet. Every morning he lets me know when he wants to be taken to his outside cage by bashing on the glass of his nighttime cage until I take him outside. He has perfected the art of grumpy staring and could rival grumpy cat. Also he won't go to sleep at night until I tuck him in to his padded cave."
 "I usually read a book while I masturbate. "
 "They still don't stay in my hair, bloody useless things."
 "I think the biggest issue is that a \"liveable wage\" is an arbitrary amount of money.  If we raise the minimum wage to $12/hour companies start to lose money because they are paying more per hour to their employees.  They then raise prices to make up for lost revenue.  All of a sudden $12/hour is no longer a liveable wage.  In order to solve this problem we need to tackle the wage gap, not the minimum wage. The average CEO makes more than 400x that of the average American worker.  That gap is much smaller in other countries, which helps all people maintain a liveable wage."
 "Masturbate at my workplace, often twice a day."
 "(_)( _)-(_)  Thanks"
 "This is a very ignorant reply. Please think before you post. "
 "Read for fun and workout. Reading works your brain and will train you to get through boring assignments."
 "Yes. At a farm stand."
 "Way over priced Christian Audigier shirts.... And trucker hats. "
 "Who knows. I was drunk every day for 6 years and 2 long term relationships. One week until 30 days sober, I'd rather not know some of the stupid shit I did"
 "Star Wars, I have EVERY book. I'm the \"but in the expanded universe...\" "
 "/r/uglypeoplealliance"
 "It already works, try going on /r/wtf"
 "I call BS on whatever report that was from."
 "Buy some real corn, then."
 "*swoon*"
 "Wrecking Ball... Everyone thinks I sing it sarcastically, but I actually really like it."
 "Don't fuck with crazy."
 "The long nose hairs and the over-sensitive nerves that they're attached to need to go. NOW!"
 "There are at least 9 million other people alive who have the same birthday as I do."
 "Talk to other people."
 "Not sure how this could be down voted. We do actually regenerate. We might not be able to grow limbs instantly. But we cut ourselves, the wounds heal, we break a bone, it heals. We damage our lungs, liver, kidneys, many times they will heal back to near normal.  That is regeneration and it is amazing."
 "So I should make  1000 fake profiles and use a program to view each video 1000 times. Got it"
 "Bacon chips and Pepsi Max. "
 "I dreamt that I was a storm trooper from Star Wars and meeting a group of colleagues for a business lunch at a Chinese restaurant.    So I walk up to the hostess at this Chinese place and ask for \"Stormtrooper, party of 20\", and she walks me over to this table of stormtroopers with Darth Vader sitting at the head of the table.  All the troopers have their helmets removed and placed under their chairs, but Darth Vader does not.    I sit down at the end of the table opposite Vader and the dream ends."
 "Any specific brands suit you? "
 "Arizona drivers licenses don't expire for 50 years. We don't have to get a new one every few years like all the other states. "
 "Buttoning up a single breasted suit jacket.  Two buttons: top always, bottom never. Never both at once.  Three buttons: top sometimes, middle always, bottom never. Never all three at once.  Button fastened when standing. Undone when sitting. "
 "New Starbucks to open in restroom of existing Starbucks."
 "Not bringing 4 yr olds to movies made for older teens and adults. PG-13 means we do not want crying babies or whining toddlers "
 "I can tell you how to get to Sesame Street....but you can't go back."
 "Just post the picture of the cat.    I know you have one.    It does not have to be *your* cat. "
 "I'll learn German. So I can sound intimidating and scare people."
 "I personally find it really easy to talk to strangers about this kind thing. Chances are you'll never meet them again, so it honestly doesn't matter much. "
 "Aren't they already a cooling unit?  Like that's the whole point they hang off the body is to be cooler than if they were inside "
 "Ah. I grew up in northeast PA and that story could have easily occurred in the county above mine."
 "What I hate the most is \"Guns don't kill people; people kill people.\" Two things:  \"Guns don't kill people, but they sure make it a hell of a lot easier.\"  \"Guns don't kill people, even though that's what they were specifically designed to do.\""
 "Even among those, only about half of them are any good."
 "Not saying better off, I'm saying can make do without the effort."
 "He's not your guy, pal."
 "it has not, however the new laws of domestic abuse sorta superseded it. Although it is still legal here.... I wouldn't suggest you try it.  "
 "Well that's easy.. TV shows. I have a  VERY VERY good memory for TV shows i easily remember all the major points of most of the shows i watched back then 5 min into any show.  "
 "I had sex with a virgin (but no hymen) and didn't find out until like 15 years later."
 "Minimum wage increases to match overall inflation wouldn't be a perfect solution because minimum wage feeds back into inflation, but it'd be better than what we have right now.  A local cost of living adjustment would be different because some areas' cost of living increases faster than overall inflation. "
 "It was like 2012. At first we would just talk and play video games together and we would both do everything to hang out and I loved her as if she was my own sister, but she was in love with someone else, and I was cool with that. After they kind of fell apart, she came to me and cried and I just stayed with her than she told me that she had loved me for a while. After that we spent so much time together it was about 6 months until we moved on, but it felt much longer than 6 months."
 "Stephen Colbert.  I've had a man crush on this guy for years.  So much truthiness."
 "If this thread makes front page, Im gonna have nightmares."
 "I thought they outlawed that a few years ago. When I worked in insurance it was required that if you are insuring an adult, that they consent to it. This was a multinational company working throughout the USA."
 "[Obama Makes It Through Another Day Of Resisting Urge To Launch All U.S. Nuclear Weapons At "Happened in England. Someone put an old tire in the middle. BOOM, instant roundabout."
 "I don't know where you live that there is always a stretch of extra lane that extends from the on-ramp, but I can tell you that it's not like that everywhere. I'm in MA, and our on-ramps might have that half the time, if you're lucky. A lot of the time if you don't at least slow down *significantly* on the ramp, you WILL get hit by oncoming highway traffic. There is also often no shoulder, so your choices are to stop, to get hit, or to run into a guardrail on the right. Stopping, even if the person behind you isn't paying attention and you get rear-ended, is still the best course of action in that situation."
 "Punctuate."
 "No, all corn nowadays tastes like everything. "
 "Sleep."
 "Okay I'm done for the night. Gilded nearly 60 people.   Happy 2014 folks."
 "Expect a ~$10 charge. "
 "Using a fraudulent ID in Vegas carries a prison sentence and huge fine. "
 "One with the most duct tape goes first"
 "My dog is a Brittany, and as a rule, they are very sensitive dogs and are easy to train. A stern look is enough to correct them and yelling makes them very uncomfortable (something I rarely do).  Anyway, I tend to yell at the TV when I play the vidya games and my dog absolutely hates it. As soon as the Xbox beeps, he gets the hell out of dodge and curls up outside on the back deck. He won't come back inside until I'm done playing. Maybe...maybe I should yell at the TV less.  Sorry, buddy. You're a good dog. A very good dog."
 "I wouldn't attribute it solely to Clinton. I'm not trying to say he isn't at all responsible, but I wouldn't put all of the blame for that on *any* one guy. The entirety of the US government has been doing shady shit since its inception."
 "cleaning a barn see a little white face about knee height  C'mon, that should have been a dead giveaway. Now, the part where you heard your name called, that would have fucked with me."
 "He's not forced to work that much by any means, he just does it because he wants to do a good job at his work. That's what's gotten him to where he is in his career today, and it's a very admirable trait in my opinion. He has a salaried position but he still gets to work at like 7am to make sure he can get everything done and he gets home for dinner. I'd say he's pretty happy with his work-life balance, yeah."
 "I have no idea how to use a roundabout. Is it a contest of aggression? Because that is how I treat them."
 "I've been carded buying energy drinks before. Not sure if it depends on location or type of drink, but in some cases, I think you do have to be 18 or something."
 "I'm betting those people typically have more than 15 items anyway. So they can see themselves out of this utopian express lane we're dreaming up."
 "France's. "
 "Double Nike Elite Socks. For some reason it's cool to wear two socks on one foot. Plus they're $13 to $25 a pair. A PAIR!"
 "Never bang a girl with another guy there. No exceptions. NONE!"
 "Webbed fingers and toes. It's not fair that Barnsley gets them and we don't."
 "Driving in general. Lane rules on the highway is a big one."
 "What, your mother never gossiped or tried to set you up?"
 "sometimes when i want to specifically see things that are usually posted there"
 "Cook for yourself, avoid restaurants/fast food/pre-made meals like the plague. You'll save a lot of money. Knowing how to cook simple meals ties in with this, too."
 "The last time I worked in a crappy job like that, yes, the majority of my co-workers were completely inept. Most of the time they spent more time causing problems or interfering with my ability to get work done than they did actually doing anything productive. It wasn't necessarily because they couldn't learn to do their job, but because they didn't want to. They did the absolute minimum to get by or complained to someone else to solve their problems for them. They were also the people who were most likely to stay there. The people who generally did a good job were the ones who were there temporarily, e.g. college students."
 "*sniffs*  Okay. :("
 "Itchy, and cramped depending on the pants.  I have no idea why balls itch but they do.  "
 "IMHO the reasoning that every full-time job should be sufficient for a liveable wage is about equal to the (mis)conception that everyone should be able to buy his own house. And since 2008/2009 we know where such ideas lead.  The wage is a result of combining many factors. Do you really need that job position? How much you gain by opening the position? How many people available (willing/qualified) to do that job (for that wage) are there? The result is that wages actually organize the society in many important aspects - for example education.  And what is a \"liveable wage\"? How do you define that? I'm living in [Czech and we do have a minimum wage, required from the employer, and (minimum) living wage, used by the government to decide how much benefits should the person get. But neither of that is actually \"liveable\" in a reasonable way. And how comfortable should it be to live on the \"liveable wage\"?  Let's assume we can agree on how much money should a liveable wage be. Who would guarantee it? Should it be required from the employers by a law or guaranteed by the state (i.e. the difference would be paid from taxes)?   Let's say we'll require that by a law. Chances are that many of the jobs will disappear - many of the companies may move to a different country (well, they moved here in many cases, they can do that again), they can close altogether as they won't be able to operate without losses etc. I.e. the chances are a large portion of the people will get slightly better wages and the rest will lose their jobs (entirely or for a portion of the year, etc.). Not sure if this is actually an improvement.  Now let's assume the liveable wage would be guaranteed by the state. This may be seen as an extension of the system we do have here in [Czech now. The employers are required to pay a minimum wage, and the state pays the difference to living wage (it's a bit more complicated, but you get the idea). It however significantly supports \"grey economics\" - it's known that some employers pretend to pay a low wage (barely above the minimum wage), paying the remaining part without any records, so that the person can claim benefits from the state. So the company pays (X+Y) but pretends to pay only X, so that the employee gets Z from the state (thus X+Y+Z in total). Result - significant financial losses for the state. Granted, this is a violation of existing regulations, but if you can't effectively enforce it ...  I'm not a fan of exploiting poor workers or so, but IMHO wages serve as an important tool in self-organizing the society. For example eliminating inefficient jobs (e.g. replacing human labor with machines) and driving the educational system. It's not perfect, but I doubt there's a better solution to that (we do have our own experience with state-organized society over here, and I can tell you governments are lousy organizers).  For example, after the in 1989, people somehow got to believe that choices come without responsibilities. That they can do whatever they want and someone else will take handle the risks. One of the consequences is the idea that they're somehow entitled to study whatever field they want, and that they'll get good wage thanks to the title. Turns out if everyone decides to study \"international studies\" or \"arts\", mostly because it's nice to be a student for 4 or 5 more years and because there's no math involved, the wages will dive and it'll be difficult to get good jobs in the field (or even outside the field, given the lack of education / expertise).  Now, I'm all in to giving people easy access to education (i.e. no or minimal tuitions) and helping people who got into trouble unexpectedly (free health insurance), but why should I pay more for terrible education choices done completely consciously? I'm already paying for the education itself through taxes, but why should I pay them additional money (covering the wage difference), further supporting the knowingly bad choices?  I admit there are people who got into the trouble involuntarily - they did not have a chance to get the education, their field of expertise became obsolete or much less needed, etc. However I doubt establishing a \"liveable wage\" is an efficient solution to these problems."
 "Jaysus, the scene in Two Towers where Aragorn and friends are all blinded by the intensity and power of Gandalf the Penis  I'm giggling while typing thia"
 "Bacon, duh"
 "Where do I begin?     1. Kaley Cuoco  2. Daniella Ruah  3. Kate Upton  4. Yvonne Strahovski  5.  Jennifer Lawrence "
 "As a small business owner and also an employee of a separate small business, these points ring true, however I'm sure most would agree it is hard to swallow when one is watching the company they work for making profits that are so completely over the top that even the company can't sink that much back in to create more jobs, all while watching your child eat two minute noodles again and having to explain why Santa doesn't love him as much as other children.  Surely there is a model that sees a better distribution of wealth even in the small private sectors?"
 "Moving is not fun. I've lost 45 lb over 9 months through regular exercise, and moving is still not fun."
 "The question was about the mentality - not \"what's the right answer\".  There will always be those who fall outside the lines. Does that mean the current situation sint' fucked up? No - not at all - it's pretty fucked up. Do I have the answer? no. Do I think simply changing minimum wage to a living wage is going to change anything? Do I think it will do more good than harm? I'm undecided. It's not as clear cut as anyone likes to think. There are far more important things we could be focusing on to ensure more people get more appropriate jobs and wages than simply legislating a minimum wage.  "
 "Ha*ha*"
 "Lob Biu."
 "If they took a shit in my food I probably wouldn't leave a tip."
 "I remember my parents needed a new couch and bought a chesterfield. At the time I thought, hmm leathery. Now that I've lived out of home for three years I'm like 'holy shit they bought a chesterfield? Super Amart have couches for 300 dollars, and they fold down!'  Edit: for anyone not familiar. Chesterfields are the archetypal 'British' sofa. They can retail up to about $2000"
 "Hey Andy don't forget your giant box of PORN!!!"
 "he been in never land since we met"
 "[You can get food, one way or  You aren't going to starve to death unless you trade your food stamps away for cigarettes or something equally stupid.  You can literally earn nothing and still survive.  I'm out of touch?  You seem to have this sense of entitlement, like society owes you an easy life just because you exist.  Buddy, the world doesn't owe you anything.  But you go ahead and get all upset at how \"out of touch\" everyone else is and how it's not your fault.  Learned helplessness is one of the biggest factors keeping people in poverty in first-world countries.  The Filipino thing is an example of how a bunch of uneducated dirt-fucking-poor people are managing just fine on incomes well below the poverty line, demonstrating that you should have no excuses.  But hey, I guess that can't possibly be relevant to poor *white* people now, can it?"
 "because it's not as efficient."
 "Actually you can do this regardless of what sex you are.  You just have to do it with someone heavier than you are."
 "Must be a glitch. Somebody would have heard of me otherwise. "
 "TIL the strangler is actually westerosi slang for roofies "
 "Learn to play the acoustic guitar I got for Christmas"
 "With some of the ridiculous things they have you do that I, for some reason can't seem to figure out how to do PROPERLY, please god no.  Parallel parking has kept me from getting my license 4 times in a row."
 "I don't know, I feel like people would judge me if I were to tell them that I have a third testicle. "
 "[Enhance] "Shit, I dropped the mike..."
 "Tattoos and piercings. I think they look silly on men and women. No need to reply talking about how I'm crazy, I can't change what I like."
 "I whole-heartedly agree that Mountain Dew Supernova is the single greatest tasting and most pleasurable soda out there."
 "You say this now but it's not impossible for there to be some type of famine in the future. "
 "You realize that $15 is just $29k per year? A person with \"advanced degrees or years of experience\" will likely earn more than that, there is no reason to pay someone flipping burgers seven damn dollars and have him apply for welfare after working 40hrs."
 "Go fuck yourself"
 "Neither side is particularly attractive. "
 "I would always tip a server, even if the service is poor. "
 "I wasn't being serious, I was just making a horrible joke that no-one would ever find funny. "
 "It seriously grosses me out whenever I see pictures of her."
 "My parents were living halfway up BC at the time (I think) and their car was covered in ash."
 "A blue juice stain doesn't cancel out a red juice stain-- it just makes a bigger juice stain. "
 "I know book smart people that do this, yet have never been given a decent reason as to why."
 "Cucumber, Vaseline, catnip"
 "caus I an black"
 "All this past-tence is making me sad"
 "Maple? Corn?"
 "I think the problem is something unknown in the appendix. The explosion is him doing a product recall."
 "The problem is perception. I remember seeing somewhere that people would rather a shorter lane than a shorter wait"
 "Many republican voters. I've seen far too many people vote against their own interests on many things, usually because they're not well informed. For example, they might believe that raising minimum wage would harm most businesses in the country, but may not realize that all kinds of businesses are making record profits and just refuse to distribute that profit to their lowest paid workers."
 "The cake was a lie"
 "First time was around five or so. More or less regularly since seven."
 "Passive aggressiveness. Say how you really feel! We are in a relationship not a war!"
 "Good for him for telling the teacher, Fuck that kid for telling his mom you punched him tho"
 "LSU?"
 " Said person would be spending 44% of his awake life working, only to come home to a shitty apartment, unhealthy food, no tv/computer and nothing to look forward to but the next days work.  Or instead they could go to the local library and study for the opportunity to earn more than minimum wage."
 "Tried that  ( basically set up a whole date, only for her to say \"it's out of commission down there\". So not really anyone's fault or  rejection. Just ball a la blue ) "
 "C'mon, a 160 lb high schooler lifting 100 lbs ONCE and having chronic back pain 9 years later? look, I've had my fair share of weight lifting mishaps. I'd believe it if it was 250 lbs, and he had consistently bad form for 3 months. I'm not trying to be belligerent, it's just not a credible claim. "
 "Why should I? If a person's job is to bring a plate of food to me and they do then what do I do next?"
 "I learned that I should never settle. An ex of mine mentally abused me through the majority of our ten month relationship and yet still made me feel like I needed him. When I finally left, I learned not to take crap from anyone again."
 "Oh what about the ones that just keep talking.  Not just continuously, but continuously on topics that do not relate to *anyone* in the room."
 "Check my belly button for lint. "
 "You voted for the guy from Friends?"
 "I don't know anyone in their right mind who would tip EU West."
 "Is =/= was."
 "Good to know."
 "Osprey"
 "We just need a software update so that everyone would become kind and smart. Or atleast a patch to fix the shitty kids and adults that we have now."
 "Never trust a fart."
 "Now you stop that"
 "Patriots over Seahawks. That said, go Panthers."
 "I dont have this problem as a 6' 5\" 250lb guy. I just shove my way through, *gently*."
 "conscience. and making \"conscience in medicine\" illegal is a terrible, terrible plan."
 "1. Write down everything I remember from my life up until I was an adult.  2. Kiss Sara Andrett 3. Profit. "
 "Always set a stop loss order. "
 "Me too buddy.  Me too."
 "Task manager for your body so for example if you gained to much weight you could end the process tree of cholesterol and fat cells"
 "Because they were jerks. "
 "Twelve Customers Gunned Down In Convenience-Store Clerk's Imagination "
 "No, that's pretty weird."
 " who companies want to higher.  lol"
 "Thanks I'll check that out..."
 "the first world IS overpopulated, if you look at certain aspects.  available resources - we have far exceeded the carrying capacity of our own lands.  Available Jobs: there are more people than there are jobs FOR those people  and more."
 "my endless suffering"
 "So you're saying that people who have no other place to go and/or don't have anyone to room with should just be doomed to living on the streets?  I mean obviously any idiot can live with their parents and have their parents pay for almost everything (while maybe charging some rent or asking for help with groceries) and survive. But for those people who honestly don't have any family to live with and might not know anyone to room with minimum wage is effectively a \"fuck you and your right to support yourself\""
 "The server's I play on have lag, Dont wanna tip that server."
 "Seriously. I threw my tampon in the trash (wrapped of course) at my boyfriend's house and he thought I was disgusting or something. He said his sister and mom always flushed theirs when he lived with them. After I explained that they were dead wrong he didn't believe me. I still don't think he believes me, and it's been over a year."
 "You better not have an unpopular opinion."
 "This sounds like pretty sound advice. Thanks internet stranger I'm looking into some instrument ideas.  "
 "Which is a damn shame. We live in a rural area that is mostly 4th and 5th generation German immigrants. It is common here for a son to live at home Unmarried until he has established himself.My husband was 29 when we met,still at home,but had a good job and bought a farm already. We both worked until recently when we were able to retire 15 years early due to a windfall. We had my parents live with us when they were sick until they died. I expect to care for his folks as well. Our son was helped by us to get started and he will help us when we need it in years to come,God willing. I know this is not the norm everywhere,but it is a marvelous way to nurture and support each other. I wish everyone could experienced multigenerational living. It can be very hard but there can be great blessings as well,including financial ones. "
 "Sometimes I close my eyes for brief seconds at a time when I drive. Just because I can."
 "Yes, UK denizen here. Though to be clear, I hate mini roundabouts in all countries of the world."
 "Better not let the feminists hear you say that."
 "I was in middle school and very stupid, I had two of the Listerine spray bottles and I walked up behind my friend who was at his locker aimed them at a slight angle to account for his glasses and sprayed him in the eyes. He fell to the floor screaming (but it was just a prank though), I panicked, people ran to get the nurse. 13 year old me somehow convinced them It was an accident I didn't get in any trouble I apologized to him and we stayed friends until we got separated to different high schools. (this is a prank right guys?)"
 "What kind of book? Personally I'm a Roget's thesaurus kind of guy"
 "Ezio did not kill the pope. "
 "Yeah, I will, because statistically, it's more dangerous for me to drive a car, and I still do that."
 "The **or** is what really sells this"
 "Interesting, my first sexual experiences at 14-15 were quite positive as my boyfriend didn't pressure me *at all* and I had a lot of autonomy.  The guy I \"dated\" at 17 was entirely different and much like the people you describe. He was selfish and ignorant and obsessed with porn. Although I had already known how to get off for several years he wasn't interested in any of that and just expected me to orgasm from being banged away at for a while. THEN he would get upset about it when it didn't happen. He is literally the only guy I came close to faking it with but I just couldn't bring myself to deceive it, I wanted good sex damnit."
 "Some random German guy in an airport in Lima, Peru sat down next to me and asked me what my last name was. Freaked me out.  So I told him. He then proceeded to tell me the likely path my last name took, from Germany through France, and then to the US. He then got up, and caught his flight. Kinda glad I told him."
 "You can open a potato business for your Latvian clients."
 "Everyone in here is a fucking moron, and I hate you all!"
 "By not doing any energetic activity."
 "To be honest, that sounds amazing! :)  I'm almost 23 and I'm already at that stage in life where the idea of wild nights just doesn't seem fun anymore. 2+ day hangovers are really not worth it."
 "Yes, it did.   You dislike the misconception that associates surrendering and the French, yet Americans are the butt of any fat joke.  It's just something that most people understand is a joke."
 "gold please :3"
 "The mentality comes straight from our corporate overlords and is boosted by the excessive lengths that some politicians went to in order to keep unions out of their contributors pockets.  The mentality is furthered by disinformation and a complete break down of the American educational system that has occurred in the past 2 decades.   Simply put the masses, the voting public are by and large incompetent, under informed and being deliberately misled by corporations who see the poor as their own personal labor pool to be paid pennies while they generate millions for shareholders.  With the invention of the right to work state the government stripped workers of the power of collective bargaining and the companies no longer had to hire union only employees. This brought about the initial decline of the upper middle class that remains to this day"
 "The whole dick size theory about asians and black people"
 "Am I the only one that always pronounces ask as ass?"
 "Authenticity/sincerity. Even if I don't have much in common with a person, if they're being who they really are, being passionate about what they love, I'll love them for it."
 "There's only enough room for 1 EpicTaco on the internet, buddy..."
 "Make memes"
 "Genuine kindness."
 "The problem is my cousin turns 21 tonight at midnight and I'm the only one who won't be 21.  I've heard of people getting arresting for trying to get into clubs and stuff but never for just casually gambling at a machine.  Any of you know anyone who has tried it in vegas?"
 "Amour. It's sad and utterly depressing. It's a challenge not to cry several times with that movie and when I say cry I'm not talking about one single tear, I mean the equivalent of a tropical rain.  Definitely not first date material (or second, or third)."
 "For me at least the jaw clicking wouldn't be a problem. But I almost lose my shit if people smack their lips when they chew. "
 "shh u sound like ur 40 or some shit, get a job hoe"
 "I didnt use those because there was a fad going on. They were just fucking comfortable"
 "Not bad. Not stunning, but not bad... Yours?"
 "You're a genius, Reddit loves cats! Oh and I'm celebrating so you get gold too!"
 "This might be a better question for the helpful folks over at /r/AskCulinary ."
 "Workout like seriously workout that will always help."
 "A guy tried to rob a place early in the morning, but they had no money for him to steal, so he gave them his number to call him back when they had money so her could rob them.  Seriously, can you get any more idiotic than that? "
 "I think the two deaths a few chapters later where even more so "
 "2013 was my last year of college and I somehow managed to graduate (one last-semester required class was slightly questionable) and actually lucked into getting a pretty good job - no way I'd risk that again."
 "The holocaust"
 "I've seen evidence that points to the later."
 "Happy green people. "
 "Don't have a specific one in mind, but the Darwin Awards series are what you're looking for. :)"
 "Request granted! Spaghetti tacos, you must be half way around the world away from u/naturesbitch. "
 "And not just when there are other cars around; it's helpful for pedestrians to know what you're doing as well. "
 "I'm so close to where I was last year that Google Earth wouldn't even be able to tell the difference."
 "Moms spaghetti!"
 "When in doubt, kiss the girl."
 "you are? prove it bitch, or suck a dick and stfu"
 "that second squirrel is THEE chosen one."
 "Stand against a wall with your heels, butt, shoulderblades and the back of your head touching a wall. Can you do that? Does it feel normal? If not, you probably got rounded shoulders and what we call \"forward head\" (typical to suffer from if you are sedentary).  Open up your chest, pull your shoulder blades back and tuck your chin (without looking like a moron), and always keep flexed abs when standing and walking upright. Make sure not to stick your butt out when you do this! Exercise and stretches can help a lot with this if done right.  Google rounded shoulders and forward head to find out streches and exercises to help with this. (if this is the case)"
 "\"I'm gonna need a stick to scrape that one off my leg.\""
 "In Australia it's stand on the left so people can walk on the right."
 "I don't understand why more people don't drive like you. I do the same, because I know it's hard to get onto the highway, and I also don't trust the people getting on not to just blast ahead and right into my side if I don't let them in."
 "There are a lot of people on this earth who needed to be treated badly and when I find them deservingly so, I treat them like the walking shit they are. But those who are good people I treat with respect and kindness, as well as all strangers until they prove otherwise.    Just because I may treat someone like shot doesn't mean I would ever do the same to someone I love. "
 "Im not even allowed to go on google at work.."
 "It is known"
 "You just described everything I hated about my ex.  "
 " You're telling me that your the type of person who has ZERO problem with doing the same exact job as someone....but they get paid ten times more than you?  That is not at all what you posited. In fact, you originally said the opposite--that is, not the exact same job, but one totally different, and getting the same amount, not ten times more.   And who says the potato peeler is not also busting his ass?"
 "How many are you hoping for?"
 "i dont see stannis dying actually, in the end hes noble dude. likes to follow rules etc. i see tyrion dying too sadly. it makes sense to me. "
 ",,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,  It's dangerous to go alone. Here, take one of these. "
 "It was the very first I had ever read.  It was \"How my dealer saved Christmas.\"  I don't know if that is the proper title but it made me a fan."
 "When your in water it's usually cold, which makes it all shrivel up. They're pretty stationary. Ill add they they're pretty fun to stretch them out when you warm them up, the shrinkage and expanding is visible if you look for it.  Edit: this was meant for a different comment, not sure if I should delete"
 "You're gonna have to try harder than that to be a good troll.  -323 is 13 days."
 "Monster BFC's require ID.  I have also seen a new one called Spike or something similar that requires id.  These are more extreme than the standard red bull.  but I don't think a 10 year old needs a red bull."
 "Only if they were incredibly, blatantly rude. Scoffing, rolling their eyes, or saying something rude to me. "
 "I don't really have a main focus for my masturbation. I, personally, just have random girls that I even remotely feel attracted to come to mind, then I masturbate to them. But that's just me."
 "80 cans of one item/product? Yes. That can happen.   People still identify things as \"individual item\" so why not have it work adversely? Quantified Item.   Item can refer to a single product, produced in quantities. For example:   A shipping crate full of bananas can be referred to as item 1. A shipping crate full of douchebags can be item 2. Is it really one item? no, not from your standpoint, but as a product it can be singular and quantified at the same time. Perspective makes everyone right.    Also, dont be a crate full of douchebags. "
 "Just your comment made me think of Atticus. "
 "I lost ten pounds in the last month by cutting out sandwiches and pizza. "
 " Second, $15 an hour is not that much money.   Bullshit. Living by yourself and $15 is a ton. It's roughly $2100 a month at a 20% tax rate.  Expenses: $500 rent (cheaper if you get roommates) + $40 (electric - most other expenses you can find included in rent) + $20 (basic phone) + $200 (car/health ins) + $200 (gas - you can get by for cheaper if you live closer to work) + $150 (food - again you can get cheaper than this too).  That's $1110. That leaves you with $990 more per month to spend on everything else. That's quite a bit.  Unless you're single with kid(s), in which case you're mostly broke.  If you only have skills to work minimum wage jobs you shouldn't be having a fucking kid. You can't afford it."
 "Playboy magazine. "
 "Bartending psychology.  In a few questions I can make your new favorite alcoholic drink. Never attended bartender classes.only worked in home bars."
 "Ellen Degeneres"
 "For the 99% who don't know what that "A gerbil that's been inside m- someone's asshole."
 "Nope. Gay as fuck."
 "The American Government doesn't work for the American people anymore.   We're being forced to accept everything from mandatory healthcare to the size of our sodas.  The Constitution is being treated as an old piece of paper-there is no voice of the people in Congress and there is zero leadership in the    White House.  May be unpopular, but it's true.  "
 "so I'm a lost cause huh?  To get out of the woe is me my life is horrible shit my life has to get better.  It's a fucking circle man. "
 "A friend of mine went all out and bought large plastic barrels in which to hold water reserves, kerosene lanterns, stocking up on nonperishible food, etc. He thought I was being too complacent by not taking such measures for myself.  That said, on the morning of December 31, 1999 at about 6:00 AM I turned on the TV to see if there had been any early reports of widespread Y2K-caused problems. The clock had just turned midnight in Sydney, Australia and everyone continued to carry on as normal, celebrating the arrival of the new millennium (which, pedantics will assert began as of 2001).  Later in the day there were still no reports of power outages, dams breaching or any of the other big problems feared to happen, so I knew that by the time it was our turn to ring in 2000, things would be okay... and they were."
 "The intro lines, before the book actually begins, are better in my opinion. Not verbatim, but they go something like:   There is a theory which states should anyone discover why the universe is here and what it is for, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more puzzling and inexplicable.   There is another which states that this has already happened."
 "If they spit on my food."
 "A tail. I could do so much more if I had a tail."
 "Life is selfish. If everyone does what is best for them, and then negotiate to get to mutually benificial agreements then we solve all these issues. If working for $7 an hour is your only, or best option, then nobody should restrict you from it.   Socialism is like two shy people where neither is confident enough to say what they want. Both keep guessing what the other wants to do, and they will often end up doing neither wants to (both assuming this is what the other wants). In a social democracy it is the same, except it isn't two people, it is a handfull people trying to guess what millions wants. Sure, for the majority (in a democracy that works) it will be good solutions. But for all the others it would not.  Here in Norway I can work for any sum I see fit, from working for nothing, to earning thousands an hour. Most people won't accept less than $24 an hour, but if you wanted to, you could. "
 "If we're talking about the US here, as a non-American, I find it interesting that there is the concept of the American Dream, where you can start out with nothing and, with a bit of moxy and can-do (as well as sticktoittiveness) you can make something of yourself. There's tons of stories about immigrants that started out with nothing, worked like an angry bastard, and now his grandson/daughter is a senator or CEO or something.   It seems that this concept is much, much harder to realise in America today than it ever was, as the market environment and attitude of businesses to give a fair go to their workers is so much in favour of the company. While the debate for raising the minimum wage has merits for and against, it has to be acknowledged that the idea of working your way up from nothing has become a much harder route and an increasingly less effective arguing point."
 "I'm stuck in traffic going zero mph northbound on I-95 from Detroit. "
 "Apparently they only take after hour patients but I'm not sure why they were open during the day if they weren't going to take in patients. I felt a bit derpy."
 "Well, maybe not too harsh your honour. I mean what if I get hungry or something?"
 "Not where I am now. "
 "My husband has never said it's pretty but he does compliment my vulva now and then."
 "Assholes and elbows..."
 "And the in-game interface was much more of a *simulator* than other games.  That is, you could control what percentage of power went to shields, weapons, and engines, actually use the sensors to locate other ships, use the targeting computer to disable key areas of capital ships, etc..."
 "Nine and shifter. Goddamn kids and your automatic transmissions. "
 "The big mufflers they put on little cars that make them crazily loud.    I call them buzz mufflers."
 "I feel extremely lucky right now that husband thinks my vagina is sexy.  He loves the way it looks."
 "Agreed. I'd also like to hear an Orca's attack plan"
 "I have.  We've gone bowling and they didn't do anything.  "
 "My grandfather always said money cannot buy you happiness but it can rent it."
 "I am calling you for this u/AWildSketchAppeared"
 "Playing Morrowind and getting drunk on expensive beer. Later, Skype with drunk out of state friends. Maybe watching fireworks over the Hudson."
 "Exactly. Nothing like enjoying yourself at a club and then half of the people burn one and the place becomes a fucking death cloud. Nasty and childish habit. "
 "Details..."
 "According to Mexico, 12. "
 "I was playing along"
 " munt hafa mikla samkeppni. You will have a lot of competition."
 "Edit: period  Ew. You had to deal with her period too?"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "What I posted is not controversial. It's just a fact: if you raise the price high enough nobody will buy it.  If the price of daycare rises high enough, people will find alternatives such as a potential wage earner staying home and watching the kids while a partner works, or recruiting a relative to watch them, or staying home and going on public assistance.  And yes, people can and do leave children home alone at far too young an age because daycare is too expensive."
 "Dude fuck I have to get that."
 "Respect her, and he will respect you. My girlfriends dad is a police officer, I'm also her first boyfriend. No problem. Her parents hear everything I do, and they love me for it. "
 "4-5 rows of razor sharp teeth would be awfully convenient."
 "Fukushima. It is something that will have a lasting impact on the biosphere. We can't allow the same shortsighted Japanese Govt. to bungle this disaster even more."
 "I fell in love a year ago, I met her September 21st 2012, she was the most beautiful girl I've ever met.., we didn't talk much till December of that year, around Christmas we started talking a lot more. We got to know eachother and eventually we fell in love, I knew we were in love because I had never had an affection so strong somebody.  We dated for a while, and she eventually broke up with me on my birthday. She never told me why she broke up with me and I haven't seen her since.. I think she's been trying to avoid me :( I didn't get over her until recently, most people might think it didn't mean much, but I was genuinely in love, I would do anything for her unconditionally and I loved her no matter what happened.. I'm just hoping if I ever fall in love again it'll last longer because that time was the time I had been happiest in my life"
 "Spongebob squarepants, if only to kill off as many annoying cast members as possible."
 "Regarding supervisors, don't ask for one right off the bat. In my company when you ask for a supervisor, you'll get a paper pusher who will take the info, give you assurances, and have the folks who originally answered the call handle the problem.  The people who can solve your issues are the ones answering the phones, solving issues."
 "I think 99% of people that live near a Costco shop at Costco cause they're awesome!"
 "\"I'd love to clean that up for you. ;)\""
 "Walk faster and say JET POWER!"
 "ability to delete memories."
 "How world trade center was demolished."
 "NYPD Apologizes For Accidental Shooting-Clubbing-Stabbing-Firebombing Death  "
 "No, you only get more jaded. "
 "Uh, i'm that person."
 "My 96 oldsmobile has buttons"
 "But, the healthcare bill costs billions of dollars!! How are we going to come up with that much money!??"
 "Masterbate."
 "When passing by seated people in a crowded movie theater...please face them instead of sticking your ass in their face."
 "[Steps to is amazing."
 "Well sharks just have a bunch of rows of teeth. But that would be great. "
 "For women: I had a friend once inform me that vaginas constantly leak all the time. Like not copious amounts of fluid but little drops that can make you a little wet all day. As a gay man I am shocked-and disgusted-by this. Is this true?"
 "Also depends on WHERE you live...if you live in New York City, San Francisco, LA, or Seattle, then $70,000 a year won't keep you very comfortable; if you live in a smaller metro area like Atlanta, then it might be enough. Also, if you marry and/or have children, the income you need to keep yourself and your family comfortable will increase considerably.  "
 "Current scientific knowledge suggests it has immunological functions in children's lower intestines."
 "Sorry that you are shooting blanks, bud. "
 "Went to a former roommates' parents' house for a big party. I didn't know too many people there, but enough that I could be social. Packed house, the booze was flowing freely, our host's mother was doing vodka shots with all of his friends, telling stories of drinking by the liter when she was a teenager in Poland...and I couldn't touch a drop. I'd had my wisdom teeth removed the previous day and was still on heavy doses of Vitamin I.  Why was that my best NYE? Because I'm the only person who attended that party who couldn't say \"I have no idea what we did last night.\""
 "There's also the sarcastic, \"Well... I *could* care less.\" Complete with a shrug. If you want to be particularly douchey. "
 "If races didn't like racism they wouldn't act so differently than other races.  "
 "Let's go ahead and get this nerve repair thing going. Specifically so we can transplant eyes.  Mid-20's and going blind. I have terrible retinas. Don't take your eyes for granted people. We can't replace them."
 "I agree with you as well. I somehow missed what you initially disagreed with though. Happy to try to work it out of course."
 "Holy shit, so many people say that and I have no idea why they say that."
 "Yes, barring physical exhaustion.  I'd say probably about 10 for both. Once when I was 14, I masturbated to orgasm 7 times in a row without getting soft. (Was curious to see how long I could go.) I only stopped at 7 because my urethra started to hurt.  After the 3rd or so ejaculation in a day, there's only a few watery drops that come out."
 "Mary jane and some netflix"
 "/r/loseit"
 "I saw toothbrushes. Whatevs, bearded guys need to brush their teeth, too."
 "That's kind of a fun question since if you're 16 you'll be told to see what else is out there. But if you're 26, it's time to settle down."
 "Samuel Smith's Imperial Stout.    "
 " $100,000+ won't make you rich. Not by a long shot. (Perhaps by my country's standards, but not according to US standards.)     That depends on what part of the US you live in (the cost of living varies greatly) and what you do with the money.  "
 "Why?"
 "When your in water it's usually cold, which makes it all shrivel up. They're pretty stationary. Ill add they they're pretty fun to stretch them out when you warm them up, the shrinkage and expanding is visible if you look for it."
 "My state has no renewal, your license expires at 65 in AZ."
 "This is adorable. My dog is a 90lb lab mix and still tries to sit on my lap"
 "Whats the deal with new years?  If new years is about starting a new year than why is it we have to wait until 12 to make a new year while the whole earth is rotating the sun at the same time so wouldnt it be at an exact time that we all have a new year. Or maybe im just confused about something. If anyone could bring some detail in this that would be awesome"
 "Why?"
 "in which you will probably do nothing, but spend it reading all the update ideas to your post"
 "Well I'm a senior in high school now but ill tell you what worked for my seventh/eighth grade self. I was clinically depressed and bullied ALL the time at school. I had zero friends and my parents were completely oblivious to how much I was struggling. Anyways- and this might sound silly but it really spoke to me - I started watching a show called Buffy the vampire slayer. The lead is a female and it's like total girl power and about how a teenager is able to save the world. She's pretty much my idol and at some point made me realize that I can do anything with my life and make a positive impression on the world by just accepting whatever challenges get thrown at me and giving them my best. So for freshman year of high school I reinvented myself, I even dyed my hair blond to be more like Buffy. And believe it or not but just by faking a smile, being excited, and nice to people even if I wasn't feeling the best, helped me make friends. And one day I looked in the mirror and realized I didn't have to fake a smile anymore and I was genuinely happy. Now this isn't the most realistic scenario for everyone because its hard to find a fresh place to start, but I'd say the first step you should take is getting rid of all your negative energy. People can smell confidence from a mile away and their drawn to it. But if you're like how I used to be which was visibly upset, socially reclusive and negative about everything then they tend to back away. So once you find that positive energy, try reaching out to people. And if you get shot down a few times, who the fuck cares? You're likely to not encounter that person again and you can go your separate ways (I suppose this applies to dating more). Also you should know that people are not out to get *you*, they're out for themselves. Everyone has or is struggling with something but its not your fault if they're insecure and want to put you down so they can feel better about themselves. So lesson the second, don't give fucks or satisfaction to people being mean to you. This doesn't mean you have to lash out at them but just try to let it go. After that you should try to come to grips with that youre in control of your life. You're fat? Then go out jogging and join a fitness club cause no one is gunna do that for you. Don't like your appearance? Buy some new clothes, get a new hair cut. This is all up to you. And most importantly seek help from a professional. I didn't have the luxury of going to a therapist and had to do everything on my own, but it would have been nice to have some support or at least someone to confide in. Just please for the love of goddess don't shut yourself down and and don't let other people get the best of you. You can even message me if you want to talk more with me about your problems "
 "Wat? No. I mean how handsome of a cow are we talking?"
 "No, it's posted every time because we know it reaps karma."
 "The ability to see four years into the future so I can decide if I want to buy a PS4 or an Xbox One."
 "Stuttering like a mother fucker.  Mentioning stupid shit and laughing at it like the boston boming.  Asking creepy as fuck questions like \"where do you live\", just trying to get to know them better.  Dumb shit like that that ends up with them looking at me like I'm a retarded psycho. "
 "Downvoted purely because of /u/Dont_look_at_my_page."
 "Drive"
 "How old are you? "
 "I'm not OP but I'm guessing in this scenario the daughter is wasted and probably can't do it herself. "
 "What are you talking about? That phrase is streets ahead.  "
 "Sneaky ass doorknob. I would have broke that door down just as an excuse to have a new doorknob. You did the right thing. "
 "Places like TJ Maxx, Burlington Coat Factory, Burkes/Beals, etc do this a lot."
 "No, I was right. In context, that made no sense. Notice how nowhere in this thread did I say I disliked it? I said it was funny. You know. Like. A. Joke."
 "Worked retail selling western apparel, workwear and dress-casual for my grandparents starting at age 14ish. Worked there 5 years."
 "17, but it really depends on your maturity at that point. I've seen plenty of teenagers and young adults act like little children. 16 if you're mature perhaps. "
 "Time Traveler: Everyone In The Future Eats Dippin' Dots"
 "Supposebly "
 "Does this work if I have ios7? Cuz it's saying it won't, but it's also saying I should change the date to 2012. Will that help. "
 "The recommended 3 children to sustain a society a 40hr week should be enough. Whether that is 2 people working 20hrs each or 1 working for 40 makes no difference. Both parents working 40hrs a week only makes sense with cheap childcare or if the kids are at school. "
 "Worked in a factory repairing alternator parts when i was 13 and was paid under the table. Rebel fo life."
 "On that note, no one in this fucking country knows how to correctly handle a four-way stop."
 "As a poor college kid, I like to get drunk as quickly and cheaply as possible."
 "Sweden."
 "The next generation will be glorious then (He says sarcastically)"
 "thats my point you stupid fuck  union's get money in the form of paybacks for getting some socialist eurotrash wannabe elected at the expense of other businesses.  unemployment is crazy right now, that money could have been better spent \"bailing out\" the rest of the country with tax breaks for the people who employee real non-union people who actually work and contribute. "
 "The children are registered and possibly put on a list.   I am unaware of anything beyond this, nor am I at liberty to discuss such a database if it did in fact exist."
 "so you hate your marriage?"
 "Actually pretty important. While we do have GPS, a light house clearly marks where the shore is."
 "Even in public will I sit with my leg bent so my foot is under my... lady bits. The occasional shifting and pressure feels amazing."
 "**[*ENHANCING* *ENHANCES*]**                   edit: such messages       too enhance                                          please stop replying to this"
 "Keep your new resolutions "
 "Well stated!"
 "Saving all your food stamps and burning down a trailer park."
 "Why did you decide to make a career somewhere other than McDonalds?  Is it because you knew that it wouldnt give your the compensation you needed to make the life you want?  So you worked at positioning yourself to be able to get the non-McDonalds job?  You knew that McDonalds is only a Minimum wage job, and not enough to make a living on.    Just sayin."
 "Aquariums can be so awesome but many people dont get this.   As a personal story, my parents had a 50 gallon salt water tank when I was a kid. The fish they got were amazing! So many colors and varieties! "
 "It's a reference to the Fairly Odd Parents"
 "Relevant relevance"
 "If you want to go for the Spanish pronunciation, it's not even \"lay\" it's \"leh\"  Chee-pot-leh"
 "This is obv weird and thank god none of my friend go on reddit but whenever I have sex with a girl I always try to convince her to leave her panties here. That's usually awkward. When she leaves I make an entire night out of preparing her used panties in a soup. I'm not weirdo the panties aren't the only thing I put into the soup I use some chicken broth and vegetables. I like to record myself eating the soup and then after or maybe the next day I watch it while masturbating. Not that bad I'm sure you guys have stranger fetishes.  ***  [^^credit "I'm a 'she',but your validity is on point. "
 "It is a cool topic for sure, and I agree with you completely. It's just that I understand that the evolution of language is usually through writers or poets and whatnot, but in this day and age can it evolve in the same way? With the internet and population growth in the mix, not to mention the amount of cultures that can blend into each other or split, can this change the nature of language evolution?   The internet made everyone vocal, but mostly in a typing way. We write everything down to communicate on here and now language is a HUGE part of peoples everyday lives. I mean I guess they had newspapers and books but they never needed to write a lot, and the chances of you running into a literate person becomes less by each decade and century you go back to. Now that there's more literate people by number than there was at anytime in our history we can probably expect a change of game in the language evolution department.   I'm just taking a wild guess though, because if it has changed in a big way then perhaps monitoring the process might help in the long run? Because wouldn't language just change quicker and quicker by each year with social media becoming a more overpowering force? I don't know, I'm just confused is all, I might just take up that class!"
 "TL;DR: live a balanced life and don't seek too much praise for it.   I read that telling others about the exercise that you plan on doing makes you less likely to do it as you get the feel good factor off of them instead of the exercise.   Eat healthily and balanced portions.   Exercise often but leave rest days so that you don't do too much harm in the long run. "
 "I can see that. I suppose I never really thought that people would take large items through a self checkout. Seems self-defeating to have somebody verifying every item which further proves your point."
 "I wish I could say I was drunk, but I was just stupid. Totally soberly stupid."
 "I wasn't even \"careful\" I still ate out, had fun, partied, I just did it with a bit of forethought "
 "It's easy to come off track when listening imo.  I usually listen to Cox'n'Crendor podcast (they're stupidly hilarious) when going for a walk with the dog. Motivates me enough to go way longer which is good for Both me and the dog."
 "Sleepy voice?  Like waking up sleepy or going to bed sleepy?"
 "well fuck then.  I can't smoke weed living at home.  My dad smoked it back in his day and would know.  My mom would throw my ass out or take me to some rehab clinic or some shit if she found out.  "
 "How safe is a slow cooker. I'm paranoid of leaving the house with it on"
 "That would make cleanup... sticky.  Plus my socks would be tougher to clean."
 "Such edginess"
 "Also and more specifically between indigo and green. Source: Roy G. Biv"
 "Yes and no. Yes, it's \"evidence.\" But no it can't be used, as a prosecutor would never bring it into court, as it would never be accepted. Too many possibilities surrounding it"
 "Walking and escalators. Always walk on the right side so you're not trying to avoid bumping into people coming the other way and stay on the right side if you're just standing on the escalator."
 "TIL my rpg strategy is good financial advice."
 "I was asking if you were /u/STORM_TROOPERS"
 "A bullet?"
 " moskito"
 "But would you down it with beer?"
 "An issue that I have with the \"just buy used goods etc, have an older car, no luxuries, etc\" doesn't take into account of those with medical problems, like myself. I work 40+ hours a week, am awesome at my job, have good benefits, save money, shop only at Goodwill, etc. I have a 97 Civic, and my idea of eating out is Chik Fil A once a month. I have a degree and 5+ years working in a hospital doing direct patient care, but I work retail stocking shelves. I'm 26 years old.  I have over 300 dollars of medical bills each month- and that's WITH insurance. I fall in between the donut hole of being physically able to just barely work 40 hours a week with an autoimmune condition which stresses my body out significantly enough that my days off are spent in pain and dealing with the massive side effects of my medication. I don't qualify for any assistance for my bills, income, etc.   My parents see this as a simple \"Well, just go apply for a better job- you're young, smart, and a good worker\" They finally understood the state of the economy when I pointed out that each cashier at the grocery store was 25 at the youngest- all bright-faced probable college graduates, making less than 10 dollars an hour.  With a lot of the baby boomers unable to get by on their vanishing pensions, they're staying longer at their jobs (I don't blame them, we all need money), so the positions which would normally be open to new college graduates are posted, and taken by boomers who were accustomed to higher positions, but now have to re-enter the workforce for a position barely above entry level.  It's a systemic issue that is going to keep on getting worse. I'm not expecting to make six figures, or even 40k out of college with a STEM degree, but it would be great if I made at LEAST 20k. It would be great if I didn't have to choose between re-filling necessary medications and putting off a much-needed specialist visit. It would be great if my life's goals were at least marginally attainable with hard work- I have no shortage of that. But likely, I'll end up in a retail job for the rest of my life, slowly climbing up a ladder that goes upwards, but fills my hands with splinters."
 "YOU NOTICE?!!?!? UH OH!   Wait counter question what is your reaction when you see that? "
 "Probably."
 "I think no, but loser girls need husbands too."
 "The first girl I loved in a way that was more than just a puppy-love crush was a girl I met at the local skating rink.  Both of our dads worked there, so our families were often there late after closing hours on family skate nights, so we had lots of time to hang out, and while we met when we were ~9 years old, we spent time together that way for years, moving on to hanging out outside of the skate rink.  Eventually, however, my parents divorced and my mom got custody of me and my brother.  We kept touch on the phone for a while, but this was before the era of free long distance, and the costs were prohibitive for a couple of 14-year-olds.  15 years later, we reconnected via Facebook.  I'd dated plenty in the interim, but none of the girls I'd dated in that time had been marriageable material.  When we reconnected, it was quite surreal, and things just *worked*.  We just celebrated our third wedding anniversary, and our son's first birthday."
 "I would never not tip, I would however leave a very small tip for poor service. Not leaving a tip can be taken like you just forgot. "
 "I don't believe that the female gender is actually capable of blue balls"
 "    wow             such question                    many thought        much long                       provoking                       wow      "
 "As someone who did the same last year, good on you. It's been a long time untangling my web of \"I'm straight you guys!\" lies."
 "Racism isn't a thing in England because everyone talks the same there, regardless of skin color.  "
 "How about the whole sexual organs thing God?  Why put such pleasure zones next to the exit zones?  And periods???  WTF?"
 "For me, even at 30 I can still go 2-3 times without losing the erection if I'm sufficiently turned on. The second orgasm is much, much harder to achieve though. (But feels compensatingly better.)"
 "If we're out with a group of guys, it's like...  Oh wow he looks so hot tonight\"  Are you finally gonna ask him out?\"  All while peeing or primping in the mirror. If it's a huge group of girls...  Emma looks so fucking desperate in that dress.\"  I know! And she's all over Brad. He looks fucking awesome tonight though. I kinda can't blame her.\"  If it's a group of really good friends...  This is so much fun!\"  I know! Here let me fix your makeup.\"  It varies. But it's not always negative talk about you guys! If I had a dollar for everytime one of my friends gave me the sleep with him!\" Speech in the bathroom lol..."
 "Fair enough I guess."
 "*mosquito "
 "No you don't."
 " He's a professional drummer.  So you're the breadwinner?"
 "Sounds like someone is a bit butthurt"
 "Shut the fuck up with that shit."
 " If they took a shit in my food I probably wouldn't leave a tip.  You're saying there's a chance? "
 "irregardless is not a word, regardless however is."
 "Silva agrees with this."
 "Lel ty 4 downvootz, waste of time bro."
 "La Marseillaise (the French national anthem) includes a bit where your wife and son get eviscerated by the opposing army's soldiers. Also the children's chorus where all the young kids swear to go die to avenge their dead relatives."
 "Smurfs"
 "Slowing down when merging. "
 "Greens shouldn't have the right to vote!"
 "Not really a prank, but.... I used to live across the street from an elementary school when I was in college.  After a heavy night of drinking one of my roomies was awoken by the kids at recess.  Still drunk, he went to the front door, opened it, and  yelled \"STFU!\" The kids yelled back, and my room mate mooned the kids.  Twenty minutes later the cops showed up and arrested him.  He ended up having to take out a shit ton of student loans for a lawyer to keep him off the sex offender registry. "
 "I read that as \"Unpopular Opinion Muffin\" at first. I'm slightly disappointed there is no such meme extant."
 "He called it, I called it, i will remember this"
 "Metric System Thriving in Nation's Inner "It is only 2013 in my country.  It is already 2014 in other countries.  =("
 "Avoid alcohol at all cost. That stuff is basically liquid fat. Avoid pop/soda as well. "
 "What happened to supply and demand?  So the invisible hand only fingers the little guy? Raise the pay and they will come.  Not enough supply of workers in rural ND?  Then the price goes up."
 "Proof or GTFO.   "
 "Doesn't get any better the older you get, either. I'm 41 and almost invariably get a hangover if I drink any more. I still have fun, just like to do it a little quieter and smaller than when I was younger. It's not a bad place to be!"
 "You  obviously don't love her as much as Meatloaf."
 "Too bad for you   _"
 "One time I had a really bad one. /thread"
 "I got two on my chest when i was about 13 and they never went away."
 "I'm sorry?"
 "Maybe not in the moment. But, I would want to hear thinks like that after a week or two had past. "
 "Not have random boners and think about sex all the time. I'm not saying girls aren't perverts too but Louis Ck said it best \"you vacation in sexual perversion, I'm a prisoner\"."
 "You're not coming across as terribly bright right now....been on Reddit a while, I take it?"
 "Dem powerful eyebrows."
 "If you can't get work you can get a deferment extension or payback can be pegged to your income. If you do your research upfront and study something with a decent market then there is little to gamble. Not to mention you will likely be getting grants, which in the US at least, will almost completely pay for a community college on their own there will be little debt. "
 "You gave her a blowjob? Sounds like you went with the wrong \"daughter.\""
 "being bossy and control freaks"
 "Oh. "
 "Toyota Prius. Ugg boots. Apple products. Hippies. Weed. "
 "Wow great source. Thanks for posting! "
 "Did you see the big pirate looking ship in the bay? It was awesome."
 "Even when we get crappy service, happens alot as my husband just attracts it, we still tip. Normally we tip quite well if it's bad we leave the standard 20%. It's a hard job and servers live on tips. Plus who hasn't just had a shit day? "
 "Wow, why was he executed? For affiliating with the Nazis?"
 "Want boxes of shit in your house?  Get a cat. I think it was an infographic-type thing rather than an article."
 "Self confidence is not something you can just hit a switch and turn on  i disagree. work out, eat healthy, and just dont give a fuck"
 "So do you really notice every time? Because I have done it on accident before since my breasts are bigger than average, it just happens. Of course I do it on purpose sometimes too."
 "My first time learning this rule was in D.C. (and f*** anyone who says the rule is obvious, because if you grow up in a small town in the midwest it's not) I was lucky enough to be there with someone that had the sense to grab me by the collar and throw me to the side.  The people there, if they don't yell at you, will literally just topple you over."
 "Nice, keep it up :)"
 "I saw this in another thread  When guys \"scratch their balls\", it's not a literal scratch like you would do to your back or side, it's more of a gentle pinch and roll, or any variation of this motion  A lot of times, I just gently grab the scrotum and kind of extend it outward. Pinch your extra elbow skin and do these things, and it feels kind of similar"
 "SPEEEED!!"
 "Depends on the girl. Some girls can't get enough of depressed guys, while others hate them."
 "\"Holy shit, What just happened to my balls?\""
 "True, but it still needs to be above the \"poverty line\""
 "Yeah I and of course"
 "Voltron"
 "Insecurity/Low self-esteem. It manifests in so many ways that are detrimental to someones happiness, and I'm not your cheerleader/psychologist.   Trash talking your exes. Specifically calling an ex crazy. I tend tothink you are an ass if you are saying something like this. Even if she is crazy, that doesn't reflect to well on you.    Also trying to pressure me into anything. Cut that shit out."
 "ITT: Nobody knows how to drive."
 "Playing the ukulele is difficult. "
 "Hard mode: don't start until the countdown is under 10."
 "Bad service."
 "Scooby Doo, could be amazing"
 "....What...what if you find a bobbypin *AND* a piss mark on the same spot? Was there a territory feud or just a hermaphrodite? "
 "This this this this this"
 "Wanna try again, champ?"
 "Some bitch named FICA"
 "Listen to the people around you, a lot of times they can see things you can't. "
 "Juggle! Good for the mind soul, and body! Keeps you focused, clears your mind, and such a huge stress reliever. It's cheap to start. Quick to learn, impossible to master, and the sense of achievement, and accomplishment after you get after a good run or learning a new trick is amazing. It impresses people with even just a simple few tricks. It can be done nearly anywhere and not a whole lot of people do it well. I started juggling this year and it's incredible. I will DEFINITELY continue in 2014. Highly recommend it to anyone who is interested. "Preying mantis's"
 "....holy shit"
 "Ahh thanks, btw it's \"placebo\""
 "Did you try submittinng a bug report?"
 "Thai. For... a thing."
 "Thank you for that interesting insight :)"
 "That type of mix-up would be interesting...  \"Here, smell this rag!\"  Shoves rag into face of victim  \"Smells like grass\""
 "I like you. Wonderful advice!   Thank you from the bottom of my heart. "
 "Pogs "
 "Also, eyelashes tend to dislodge and get into our eyes."
 "Girls, when a group of guys hang out and a girl walks by, we tend to make comments about them such as \"I'd hit it\", \"I'd bend her over\", etc, to other guys we are with. Do girls do this? And what are the comments made?"
 "[Gays Too Precious to Risk in "But it's just air and probably doesn't smell? I'm guessing, it doesn't have the same content as a fart."
 "Microwaves vibrate water, so the food is actually drier."
 "They are starting to develop those. Also I'm watching the movie now."
 "I like how he licks his eye"
 "Because Norway is awesome, and it's not considered rude to not tip anyone here."
 "Pick three people, assign \"Fuck, Marry or Kill\" to each."
 "^^^Check ^^^his ^^^name..."
 "What's worse is when people stand right in front of the doors so that when they open, you have to bulldoze through them to get out the elevator."
 "Not sure what you're saying. I think of knowledge as the information and intelligence as the processing of information. There are different areas of knowledge but what are the other kinds you refer to?"
 "meditate"
 "Edible does not mean it's good though. Seeds and peels of things are edible, but they don't taste as good. "
 "Put those ribbon stickers on their car sideways"
 "I one time rang up a Mexican man that handed me a debit card with a Norwegian-sounding name on it. Furthermore, the first four card digits didn't match up with the card type that he presented. (Each bank has an identification number or range of numbers, many of which I have learned to recognize after years working in retail.) I was pretty sure the man was an identity thief, so I tried to alert my manager. Unfortunately, it was a Saturday before Christmas and the store was packed so I wasn't able to get his attention. A long line was beginning to form behind the customer, so I went ahead and rung him up anyway.  My manager came up to me a few minutes after he had left and asked me what was going on. I told him that I suspected the man had been using a fraudulent credit card. We had to alert mall security, but they never caught the man.  TL;DR: I'm pretty sure I inadvertently aided an identity thief."
 "Speaking of Darwin...  Why don't we let the homeopathic hippies all die of broken necks or overdose on soy-free soy tea, so they can't survive to reproduce and there won't be any more."
 "I often wonder why in the hell a person would even do this. It sucks so bad.."
 "I'd say 18+."
 "My friend once ditched a buddy and myself when we were supposed to be playing Halo to see his girlfriend. So obviously me and said buddy put like raw fish and other shit all in my friends car while he was inside his girlfriends house. Turns out she had invited him over to tell him that she cheated and he called me balling. So me and the other asshole buddy went on a stealth mission to retrieve the smelly shit and got it all over ourselves in the process and it was a shitty situation all together "
 "Wat"
 "OK?"
 "I tip of the service is good.   If the service isn't good I don't tip.   Servers aren't entitled to s tip even if they think they should be. You got to earn it. "
 "Sorry if it sounded a bit harsh by the way, wasn't meant that way. Also of course in any relationship it won't only be all good, with it comes life experiences in jealousy, hurt, and so on. But how you feel them and deal with them is entirely subjective :)"
 "I never got a pair, but I saw the ad on tv and wanted them so much. "
 "To their credit how often do you need to power down a phone? I've had to do it 3-4 times in the last 5 years or so. "
 "Came here to say the same - it's also my favourite book"
 "No its not.  A scholarly citation cites Scholarly articles, papers, or other academic writings that are usually peer reviewed.      "
 "Swat katz with a nolan twist"
 "I haven't lifted in a while, but at least 80 lbs"
 "Definitely is an individual opinion on this one."
 "Not true. In a metaphoric  sense.  I've denied my SO once or twice, leaving her with a less than satisfied urge "
 "\"I love Tom Brady!\""
 "All the food is bad and burned."
 "When my cat covers his eyes with his paws while he sleeps and the way my labradors look at us while tilting their heads."
 "About 3000 years ago I had a falling out with one of my good friends, Lucifer. See back then I was the Angel of Death and Lucifer and I used to play poker on Sabbath while listening to *Sabbath* (of the Black Variety). Well a lot of religions and cults in the past couple centuries started referring to me as Grim. Did I conform? Fuck no. I needed to set myself apart! I wasn't going to let humanity rename me...but I'm not unreasonable, so I negotiated a good version: Grymm. I've gone off on a tangent.   Back to 3000 years ago. Lucifer and I were playing poker, we bet the rights to claim souls before they were dead. Obviously I lost. Franz (This is God's real name, he's a programmer for Outside, a popular game, see /r/outside )...well Franz was pissed. I got shuffled around and next thing I knew I was no longer the Angel of Death. Jokes on Franz; I decided it would be funny to still be referred to as a Seraphim, and with my popular nickname growing, Seraph Grymm seemed like a sure fit!   Proof: [Only I can let something like this  "
 "Man tries to rob gun store with cop inside. It goes... poorly."
 "Shit must be clean of shit then"
 "I shit *right from my SOUL*."
 "Stop caring what other people think of you. "
 "Wearing those arab head scarves as scarves around your neck....gosh I had like 20 and thought they were so cool......"
 "TIL Eminem is 41."
 "That's what whales and hippos have."
 " the first world IS overpopulated, if you look at certain aspects.  In some aspects, yes.   available resources - we have far exceeded the carrying capacity of our own lands.  Given what we know about farming? No. We have not. We're capable of supporting our entire population and then some.   Available Jobs: there are more people than there are jobs FOR those people  This is a solvable problem.   and more.  Are there legitimate problems? Yes. Are some regions overpopulated for their technology levels? Yes. Does this mean that humanity is populous past what our planet can support? No."
 "Don't drink half a gallon of apple juice in one go..."
 "I got it on my 18th birthday, 19 years ago in August. "
 "Who ARE they. ARE."
 "Shit, I will almost always either passive agressively trip/stand up and hip check kids who run around like that."
 "Idiots: Trey, Kali, Lexi, Tess, Demi, Gab"
 "There never is a perfect moment or time to do it. Rough lesson to learn the longer you wait, the harder it is."
 "AGreed. is just kind of gross, I dont know how people in Europe eat it."
 "squats, so much wrong going on "
 "Just look to see what side the people who aren't moving fast stand on and stick to that side. That way, you don't have to remember which side to be on for each country you ever wind up traveling to."
 "(Distancing from \"thieves get death)  What property is your own? Do you believe in property rights? If not do you believe in centralized decisions for all allocation?"
 "Obesity.   McDonald's catches all the flak but their signature item--[the 550 calorie Big actually qualify for the [SIMPLE  section of the IHOP menu. Even high class establishments have joined the super-size brigade. A friend ordered a chicken pot pie at a local bar  grill that was so huge I half expected [twenty-four to emerge when she cut into it.   "
 "Friend gets in jail for a DUI. Other friend comes to pick her up... drunk. Both get DUI's."
 "-Mike Myers"
 "No, I'm just curious, as someone who will be getting \"a BA from a good university\" in May.  I know lots of people still living at home with degrees in math and lots of people well up the corporate ladder with degrees in anthropology or other \"bs subjects,\" was just curious."
 "I sneeze into my bicep because I have orangutan arms and my elbow is further away. "
 "Hard Pass.  The security here isn't the \"big guy\" in town sitting at the door of your local bar working for tips and shots.  Generally, the security here is top notch and you will probably get caught if gambling.  "
 "I tried sneezing into my arm and I dislocated my shoulder :("
 "We're gonna do it, and use coinbase.  I'll keep everyone posted on how it goes. "
 "Vikings didnt wear horned helmets."
 "Fair enough!  It'll happen eventually regardless of what the minimum wage is, though."
 "It's also not \"axe\" a question."
 "To get serious replys"
 "My cat barks, doesn't ever meow, just barks. I think she's broken :/"
 "Yeah my test was around a block with two stop signs and speed limit in the area only 25 kind of hard to fail unless can't get the parallel parking down which is also kind of pointless where I live as there is really no place to parallel park it's all parking lots. So in my area they are requiring a skill which is good to know but you never need once you pass. "
 "Using a spinning reel fishing. You look like an idiot when you hold it on top of the rod and reel backwards. "
 "Nice, thanks for the info!"
 "When he's excited to see me he wags his tail so hard is butt wiggles"
 "There's always someone that'll like anything, but the majority aren't interested in people with depression (not because they're depressed, anyway)."
 "My Facebook profile."
 "How does Darth Vader eat Chinese food without removing his helmet?  (This sounds like a bad joke on a Popsicle stick.)"
 "Also, Amazon has \"lockers\" that they can ship to, and the individual can go to the locker and pick up the package. I believe they have a list of their locker locations on their website."
 "Be nice to waiters  okay  make eye contact  FUCK. YOU."
 "Your best bet to be safe when driving is to assume that everyone is trying to kill you. Learn to drive defensively. Sometimes stopping is wrong (but people will still do it) and sometimes it is the only safe option because everyone around is driving too fast for you to merge without getting hit. If you don't speed and maintain a safe following distance behind the car in front of you, you can avoid most accidents. "
 "Goatse. Hmm that's an odd word, maybe, I'll google it!      OH GOOD LORD MY EYES"
 "Find the motivation to loose weight and finally ask a girl on a date."
 "I don't have a reference or citation, but based on a [fairly conservative they ballpark it to be $100,000 to age 18, per child (roughly $5200 a year, factoring in inflation).  I have seen other estimates as high as $250,000, but since those are typically for a middle-class family, I don't think they're as applicable.  These don't include the cost of college.  It is incredibly unlikely that the average child is going to contribute $100,000 to the family expenses (barring extraordinary entrepreneurial, athletic, or entertainment-based success).  This is why I felt comfortable saying that most will be a net negative."
 "If I scold my dog he will avoid eye contact and then when i'm done he will roll around on me while giving me kisses."
 "Being a sociopath :) Cold and calculated rises to the top!"
 "That explains so much, seeing as how we live together."
 "You're just demonstrating the mentality that OP is asking about."
 "The point is liveable wage - not the perfect wage. You can live fine sharing an apartment with someone else. I also never said live at home with your parents. No need to add words that weren't said anywhere.  I personally don't live at home and haven't for the past six or seven years. My husband and I don't make a ton of money, but we learned to budget. We deal with cell phones we bought six years ago and keep to the cheapest plan."
 "It could be that she swallowed some gravel?"
 "I think it'd be a very bad idea to rape Nirvana indeed"
 "Moskito? op pls"
 "^^^^I ^^^^wasn't ^^^^exactly ^^^^trying ^^^^to ^^^^feel ^^^^for ^^^^anything, ^^^^I ^^^^was ^^^^just ^^^^^curious ^^^^^to ^^^^^^see ^^^^^^what ^^^^^^it ^^^^^^felt ^^^^^^like..."
 "The ability to adapt to the situation"
 "Desperation. "
 "Pretty sure the baby isn't 20 kg honey..."
 "Is there actually a comic like this about male nipples? I'd like to see this."
 "Peeling a Banana from the wrong end.  Most people break the handle when they open it."
 "i was walking with my grandparents in a big city. then all of a sudden the thing from from the fantastic four appears in front of a huge building where everyone was. everyone was taking pictures and talking to the thing. then he came up to me giving me the death stare, so i grabbed my grandparents hands and ran to the back of the building. then in the back of the building there was this trail of sidewalks in a garden. there was no one there and it was completely quite. so while I'm still holding my grandparents hands i go down the trail avoiding touching the plants. so then my grandpa trips over a vine on the ground and dies. i start to cry but keep going, at this point my grandma is walking but I'm pulling her hand so she goes faster. then a plant breaths a poisonous gas into my grandmas face. she started to walk slower and slower until she collapsed onto the floor within seconds. i was crying while she slowly died. then the doll from \"my teacher ate my homework\" (yes it is a real movie) came up from the ground in a desert and started to run around the world just to kill me. then i woke up and had pancakes. and this all happened when i was about seven."
 "Yes, the key is find someone that is into what your into."
 "No. "
 "Driving in general."
 "Be a eunuch."
 "Unpopular"
 "I would have given her a ride to the bus stop. "
 "He's used all his up now, he's using a boost he got in the form of other time lords throwing orange juice into his mouth"
 "Matrix,i wanna do the crazy stuff"
 "Prehensile penis."
 "One problem even if you get 40 hours per week (LOL !) at your minimum wage job you dont make close to $20k a year."
 "1. Some girls like depressed boys  2. To some girls, the socially inept/coy/withdrawn personality is appealing  3. Some girls have an internal desire to nurture  4. Some girls seek out quieter personalities   tl;dr Every girl is different."
 "Sweet Yeezus"
 "Oh god yes.  Every now and then, I meet a woman who has the most incredible smell. And I want to pick her up and take her to bed right that second.  Sadly: Never had sex with any of those.  ETA: Although, I have had sex with women whose secretions smelled amazing and totally turned me on."
 "A local boy kicked me in the butt last week. I just smiled at him and turned the other cheek. I really don't care, in fact I wish him well, 'Cause I'll be laughing my head off when he's burning in hell."
 "irish rugby"
 "Anyway  Anyways"
 "Cup holders "
 "I've been reading more as of the last two years. I can agree completely. I learned some not so pleasant things about myself too"
 "Japanese.  Fuck spending 5+ years learning that shit."
 "OOOOPSSS?"
 "I don't leave my house"
 "Same goes with buses, too! I ride the bus to school (college) and I can't tell you how many times I go to get off the bus, walk down the couple stairs, and have to make some awkward dance moves with an idiot trying to get up those same stairs too early."
 "because labor (especially \"minimum wage labor\")is a commodity that can have a value placed on it like any other commodity and the market forces of supply/demand and other fun words from Econ 101 play into the value of said commodity.  Why do Google engineers make gobs? There is a limited talent pool and it is hard and expensive to get that educated. Why do fast food workers get paid little? Practically anyone can do it and if you don't like it the next kid with an application will.  -This sounds very anarcho-capitalist, I assure I am not. I think we need a free market, within a framework that promotes a \"fair\" system.  Instead of dealing with minimum wage, especially at the absurd level of $15, why not figure out a way to have big business have to \"payback\" the societal burden they place on taxpayers because we have to \"subsidize\" their workforce? Or have a tax metric in place where the CEO can make ONLY 1000 times their lowest paid employee in total compensation (therefore requiring employees get raises if the CEO wants one)? And I am not saying those ideas can work, but the issue isn't low wage, the issue seems to be low wage in the face of EXTREME profit...but even the idea of EXTREME varies, see the discussions on the Hep-C cure, 85K is expensive, but actually not extreme when you think of the BILLIONS sunk into the RD over the years (and not just at the company Gilead bought, but over all.) "
 "I just don't tip at all. They get paid by their employer, per se, so whats the point? We all gota make our own money, and you know that guy on that one reality show (dragon den i think), who's like \"You dont give away money in order to make money. You keep all you got.\"  REDDIT: uneducating people since 2013. Learn some damn financing and go to school you bozos, ;P  PM me if your dumb and need help ( i go to school )"
 "I know people on minimum wage that have smartphones with prepay data in lieu of a computer. (They need Internet for work)"
 "We would need substantially shorter tongues, lest we *receive* shorter tongues."
 "Yeah but you also won't have to pick her up after you fucking drop her. "
 "I work in IT. I sometimes have to do this to find the company that owns a name server for DNS."
 "I don't know if this counts because it's not so much what he said but my dad walked into the hospital room with in n out while my mom was 12 hours into labor that lasted 30 hours. From what I've been told my mother would have killed him if my aunts had let her off of the bed. "
 "They may not have a purpose now but its still a traditional way for ships to find land. Some people don't have GPS systems. I don't see why we would take away lighthouses eithier, but I do see the point you're making"
 "I think the real problem is cost of good will rise with a drastic increase in minimum wage. Most people who are outside the jump will see a marginal, if any, increase in wages. Thus, in effect, a pay cut for people in skilled positions who have worked hard to get out low paying jobs. The real issue isn't minimum wage; it's wage stagnation as a whole. Too bad the greedy unions are too useless to do any good any more. "
 "Or the 12 and dick.."
 "DRIVING!! "
 "That's a lot easier said than done. Especially for those of us who don't automatically fall asleep upon climbing into bed.  For example  I almost always go to bed between 10 and 11 PM, and get up for work just before 6 AM. HOWEVER, going to bed doesn't automatically translate to sleep, and the nights I do sleep, I usually toss and turn for a few hours beforehand. Every 23 weeks or so, for up to 4 consecutive nights (although usually only for 23), I will continue to follow this bedtime, but will not actually fall asleep at any point during the night. I have yet to come up with a cause or solution.  Unlikely causes:  * Caffeine: I don't drink any caffeinated drinks after 9AM on weekdays. Usually this means I sip on a single cup of coffee between 6:30 and 8:30AM. I sometimes will have a second cup of coffee in the late morning or early afternoon on weekends. Day of the week seems to be completely unrelated * Alcohol: Although it does seem to put me to sleep. I don't like the idea of consuming alcohol just to be able to sleep. It makes me feel like an alcoholic (I usually have 34 drinks a week, usually restricted to weekends) * Stress: I don't think I'm stressed out. * Naps: If taking a nap (or going to bed ridiculously early) causes me to be unable to sleep that night, it doesn't keep me from sleeping the following night * Hormones: It happens at varying parts of my monthly \"cycle\" * Diet: As far as I can tell, it's not any specific food that causes it  I'd love to consistently get a full night's sleep, but it's a completely unrealistic goal."
 "like an 8"
 "Right. This is possibly the worst thing that happens when I go in public. Like why would you want to be so close to a stranger that you can touch them? That is just so wrong. "
 "Redundant is /u/trauma_kmart in this thread."
 "It certainly feels like there has been a shift. I really hope the case is as simple as \"the kids are not alright.\" If these are adults perpetuating this nonsense, then we are in trouble. "
 "Yay. Thanks. Happy New Year!"
 "When women who are actually intelligent act ignorant cause they think more attractive. It's really just very annoying. If your an intelligent woman then act like it. If it turns men off then they weren't right for you anyway"
 "To take a great year like 2013, and put it to shame with the shit I have planned for this year."
 "23.56"
 "Because all of Africa starves daily"
 "I was four and I shit in the corner of the room and covered it in baby wipes to mask the smell. Genius"
 "Bans men. "
 "Authors and athletes, none of them me."
 "That number's just unrealistic. /u/Unidan would have won more than that in a row."
 "Right, you're forgetting that this was during the Cold War, US were heavy underdogs. Think of the Blackhawks going against a high school team. Now multiply that by 5. Crosby's goal was great, but nowhere near compares to Miracle on Ice."
 "At lying, if nothing else."
 "The unexpected part? Keith will still be alive.   Ledge beyond the edge... "
 "The Hobbit. I'd like to settle down in The Shire."
 "You rock. We need to have a beer sometime and argue politics."
 "Cock socks, nuff said. "
 "A bit extra makes little difference to me. When my husband put on weight I didn't find it noticeable until after he lost it again."
 "I agree. People fail to recognize the \"minimum\" standards in America are pretty substantial/exagerated when compared to other countries. You could be working minimum wage and living off welfare in the US and be living better than a good part of the people on this planet. "
 "Absolutely - it sounds like a pretty good place to be! Give me a quiet night in with some good friends than a wild night out any day."
 "Only the \"fix him\" type of chick likes them. Thing is, once they fix you, they lose interest."
 "I hope you're right! :O"
 "I have Filipino inlaws. They are totally talking shit about you. Also, they know every other Filipino in the area. They're like the Borg."
 "I follow all those rules, but fuck is it annoying. You spend more time buttoning and unbottoning at the event then doing anything else."
 "I have one other friend whose feet are starting to look crooked/in disarray- she wears heels often. Another who has plantar fasciitis. I have a bone spur near the ball of my feet as well from wearing flats that are too hard and flat/not enough cushioning, and 2\" heels that I might have worn once/twice a week at most in the past. Ever since then I've just switched to sneakers/flat shoes. I shudder to think how women's feet will look like decades in the future from hours of daily wear."
 "You need to inject some excitement in your life, this winter save up your money, sell whatever you have to and get into sky diving and/or scuba diving.  Also take up a couple of cheaper adventure sports such as hiking, camping and mountain biking.  Do this amd focus on it and you'll find women be incredibly easy to speak to."
 "When in doubt, pull it out "
 "In Vail, Colorado, can confirm. I've been here a week and have never seen a stop light, and never a person that used one correctly"
 "Remembering what my mother looked in the sixty seconds after she died. The silence in the room was deafening when she stopped breathing. I held my breath because I felt like I was too loud and alive. I will never forget it. It's haunting, something that makes me flinch to think of, but it's my final memory of my mother, so I can't live without it."
 "Mayan ruins. "
 "Disgusting and selfish? You're an awful husband if that's your reaction. They're in need, they're depressed, and they're literally trying to kill themselves. Put aside your petty bullshit and help THEM.   How good of a husband can you be if your first response is to judge instead of help?"
 "As an engineering major who had an art minor, I'm disappointed in the way a lot of my peers acted.  I feel you and apologize for the way some of us project our social insecurities onto other people :("
 "That's in a vacuum, it's more like 800."
 "TWO BEST THINGS: I graduated from college and landed a decent job."
 "But the thing is, we are basically told of his and many other celebrities misadventures and faux pas on CNN and Today and KTLA5, among other stations, daily. It gets to a point where it is so revolting that people vent on here."
 "Spanish, because in the US it could come in handy. "
 "They don't cure anything. They're good for you, but they don't cure you."
 "*oh*...oh my head..."
 "It looks like you failed to ask a question in your title. Double check everything, including punctuation, and try posting again.   * **If you're wanting to tell a story or explain something, please try /r/Self.**  * **If you're needing advice of any kind, try /r/Answers or /r/needadvice**  * **If you're looking for something that has slipped your mind, try /r/TipOfMyTongue.**  Anything else not covered try one of the subreddits mentioned in our sidebar that better suits your needs.  If you need more clarification, or feel this was an error, please contact the mods and provide a link to this post, thanks!   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Could have been worse. Could have grabbed HIS dick and passed out."
 "Getting makeup as a man was surprising."
 "**Enhances**"
 "Completely agree with you"
 "Who stepped on the duck?"
 "Skip da dooble da dee da da dooble  ~ Scatman"
 "Metaphorically ok.  But love denied is not the same as the pain associated with a throbbing member unable to release."
 "Actually seriously considering going to either the Philippines or Cambodia in March (haven't decided which yet)"
 "Area man panics after accidentally 'liking' 381 of his ex-girlfriends Facebook posts "
 "Where I work there's a Quantity button. You press that, enter the number, hit enter, then scan the item. Done."
 "I'm not protesting the downvoting. I thought it was a classist comment and I'm not sorry I said so. If people think that's worth downvoting - it's New Years Eve, I really don't care. "
 "My dad: \"Damn low flying ducks!\" My retort: \"Those little bastards have bad breath!\""
 "Fucking NJ man. I hate when I drive through that God-forsaken state. "
 "late as all hell but I really hate it when a guy tells me \"yeah, you definitely want to bear my children\". YOU do not get to make the decision about MY wants.  "
 "Hah hah hah"
 "My Facebook."
 "It would depend on the quality of the shit they served with my food."
 "You got a perty mouth"
 "Is that a Russian mosquito? "
 "The beiber hair thing. "
 "BRAIN PORN!"
 "What kind of stuff did you read?"
 "That congress has better benefits and healthcare than the average American citizen."
 "so much this.   i would take communion several times a year, if semen could be made to taste good.  soooo tired of \"it doesnt feel good\" and \"it doesnt taste good\", i like going down on her, i just want her to enjoy going down on me more."
 "Unless, you know, they're corrupt."
 "Where was it stated that you need a place of your own and that your job should be paying you to? It's actually quite selfish in terms of space to want your own 1000 sq ft place to yourself. Move to pretty much any other civilized country - an entire family making average money sometimes lives in half that amount of space."
 "And women say we can't do two things at once! "
 "It's basically paying for advertisements but I can't help it."
 "Yes."
 "I just recently learned this! Amazing difference. "
 "I once heard that capitalism requires a poor class and really took it to heart. Your post really reinforces that for me."
 "Guess that would depend on if grinding action action got you off, and if your actively trying to grind the saddle while riding.  And wait a sec, doesn't every little bot want to be a cowboy?  At least a few decades ago."
 "It'd be poetic if the retraction had to be at the same level (front page), and have the same amount of personal information of the editor(s) responsible.  "
 "I havent gotten my license yet so he's the only one that can drive and i was thinking of taking a plane as he never been in one. But its quite expensive. "
 "The knowledge is one thing, the hormones, however..."
 "Money over $57000 per year can't buy happiness"
 "Hey, smell me! "
 "Bandaloom bracelets. My 8 year old neice received a kit for Christmas and she taught me how to make them. I begged her to let me have a pack of bands and sat there for 4 hours making these stupid things like I was in middle school again. I was so excited about them and went out and bought my own kit 3 days ago, but I haven't even opened it and probably won't. I'm over it already. "
 "Controllable ejaculation. "
 "You could roast your own beans. Will help with the cost and you can buy in bulk."
 "You aren't the only one who love your boobs."
 "They have my favorite ad of all time"
 "When I was old enough to know better (maybe 6 or 7), I really wanted to be a dinosaur when I grew up. "
 "'If you can't handle me at my worst blah blah blah'  Yeah, she never said it."
 "It's like the *Ghost Busters* of young adult literature. The basic concept of the story is kind of scary, but the writing style and the ridiculousness of the whole thing makes A Series of Unfortunate Events some of the most hilarious books I've ever read.  It helps that the funniest character in Lemony Snicket's books is Lemony Snicket himself."
 "they have a different culture you cannot simply say if it worked for this nation it *must* work for us. If you look at the obvious we have a higher population so we need a lot more prisons by default and we can't go spending the amounts they do to make the prisoners feel at home and shit and the outcry of the victims families when they hear that the killer is playing tennis while their child lay in a cemetery. I do feel we can better the prisons in this country but simply taking out the death penalty is not one it should serve as a reminder if you do this you will die "
 "Japanese because I'm tired of waiting for people to translate stuff and for games to be localized. Also I wanna travel to Japan at some point in the future.  "
 "With time spent emotion grows.  There was always tension I suppose. Then one New Years actually, we began actually flirting pretty hard. We slept cuddled up on a small couch after talking way into the night and drifting off to sleep. We didn't kiss yet or anything.  I guess from that day on, we both just knew we were going to take it to the next level, albeit very slowly."
 "Probbly."
 "I don't care. "
 "There is no true age you can assign. I've met really mature 16 year-olds and really immature 34 year-olds. "
 "So then remove the need for them to be cool while your at it."
 "Hah! I love your plot twist, that would certainly make things more interesting."
 "Germans seem to be constantly afraid that somebody could think that they could be nazis. Because of that they bend over backwards to not offend any minorities (even if those minorities never asked for that), and any sort of criticism of the behavior of members of some minorities gets instantly shot down as racism, and no sort of national pride is allowed, except during international football tournaments, and even then it's seen with contempt. Any statistic that might show an increased criminality of immigrants gets immediately discarded as being tainted by racists, anybody whose views on immigration laws aren't on the far left is basically the next Hitler. I've seen posters hanging at my university against the surveillance state right next to posters that that called out (with photos and names) members of right-wing parties that were students at the university, telling you to shun them whenever you see them.  I feel like Germans need to understand that nobody will think of them as nazis just because they said that the guy from a foreign country who killed his sister for going out with a white guy might not belong in this country with his twisted worldviews."
 "Better night vision  Ability to see clearly underwater  Ability to turn fertility off/on at will  Only storing as much fat as we need   No-wipe shits  Limb/organ regeneration  Ability to breathe underwater "
 "But god made us a pull tab!"
 "I've always loved  \"Nabisco Discontinues Wheat Thicks\""
 "Can you provide us with an SDK so we can make the upgrades by ourselves?"
 "1 hour 45 minutes to talk to a HR representative at a career fair. I start work for them this month :)"
 "YES.   I expected her to be closer to the top. "
 "The T-Rex lived closer in time to us than to the Stegosaurus."
 "What? I never made any assessment of my own cleverness, just yours, or more accurately the lack thereof. You have a bit of maturing to do it seems. Good luck friend. "
 "People that believe in you."
 "That one made me laugh the hardest. All the philosophical ones are great."
 "Sooo, basically superman?"
 "My Twitter"
 "Well, once, if your name is Tod, I pushed you into a toilet. If your name is Jorge, I knocked your front tooth out. If your name is Jonathon, I threw a dodgeball at your balls so hard that you threw up. If your name is Oliver, I sabotaged your relationship because your girlfriend annoyed me. If your name is Breck I stole your (my)  butterfly knife. If your name is Shahin, I chose a girl over our friendship once. If your name is Jimmy I got your best friend suspended, and I still don't feel bad, you waste of air. If your name is Cody I rejected you when no one else wanted to be your friend. If your name is Anisha... Let's not go there. If your name is Matthew I accidently kicked you out of the closet before you were ready. If your name is Jenna I accidently spilled orange juice in your new Mac.  Ringing any bells?  "
 "Thanks for answering that. I would have been less...nice about it...  Simply put, effort isn't quantifiable...production is..."
 "Cancer and heart disease survival rates in the US are among one of the highest in the world (too lazy to pull up a source right now), among several other diseases.  Vast majority of drug development is also done in the US, especially for things like antibiotics and vaccines, often footed in universities by NIH, but also a lot by industry in the private sector.  US healthcare is great for those that can afford it. It's really a much more complicated problem then just \"make healthcare free.\" Many economists smarter than me have reiterated the point many times before."
 "Or in the Seattle area, just 4-way stops."
 "Thats kinda the point. To point out how dumb people are and make ourselves feel better."
 "Money buys you *options* and relieves the stress of money worries."
 "He's not your guy, friend "
 "Back in my young days, I knew a very dumb chihuahua. He thought he could walk up during my friend Bruce (very intimidating husky) and tried to steal his bone while Bruce was sleeping! That chihuahua never knew what bit him...."
 "Black widow spider."
 "Funny that your name is uchihaha and you're recommending the byakugan "
 "Why are you on REDDIT and not at a party?  I'm stuck on a nightshift, and have nothing better to do."
 "My Facebook and LinkedIn profiles."
 "I was not replying to you I was replying to buddy. "
 "If only.  She stops building phallic nuclear ICBM missiles."
 "I said some pretty nasty things to some Afro-Americans, and I apologize."
 "Well, first, the leader of North Korea would have to turn into a woman....we're just completely ignoring that fact, then? "
 ":o"
 "Let's start: call your teacher a *putain* or *salope* and you'll get an A for sure. "
 "Akkadian. I'd make so much money translating, haha. Or Icelandic, because I hear it's pretty goddamn hard. I actually learn languages fairly easily, getting the hard ones done would be great."
 " The only people that will judge someone negatively for admitting they make mistakes, are people that you shouldn't associate with anyway.   Yep. Life has been kind enough to arrange itself such that this option is always available, to everyone, at all times. As soon as we leave school, we all get issued with a form that has all the personality traits we are willing to encounter over the duration of our lives, and the authorities take our selection and ensure we never have to deal with any undesirable people, ever. Fantastic.  Still, well done on taking an observation and turning it into an excuse to tell us all what an evolved and wonderful person you are. Brb, ticking \"no insufferable narcissists please\" on aforementioned form. "
 "Still too soon to masturbate again, local man decides."
 "I don't have money.  I just spent 4 grand on an engine.  That's my excitement.    I live in Colorado so there is no scuba diving here and the skydiving is much more tame.  Being that the planes fly at a max of 10k feet above sea level and the ground is 5k feet above sea level.  A 5k foot drop compared to an 8-10 in a coastal state."
 "Gaping! Wtf is that shit?! "
 "###ZEWAWAWLLAWAOWWLWALZZIGZ00RRZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ b0tzz 2034743594357347 FOUR THREE ONE TWO BAZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZINAARZZ"
 "Ouch"
 "The smell, heated food releases more aroma than cold food.  And we all know smell affects taste."
 "\"There are too many foreigners here\" a guy said to me once while we were standing next to each other.  Both of us being white.  My Asian wife then walked over to me and held my hand.  I didn't have to say anything.  I just looked at the guy sideways.  "
 "It takes more energy to digest and eat than it gives to you, and it's filling, so you don't feel like eating anything else. "
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Pull my finger.  "
 "Yes, you're wrong. You don't see the world through her eyes, through the eyes of a depressed person. In our eyes, the world hates us and no one cares for us. To us, words of kindness are all lies, to us, no one loves us, to us, we are burdens. In her eyes and mind, after she killed herself you'd be relieved she was finally gone.  In final, yes sir. You are indeed wrong for thinking this way. Do not assume such things of us. Try to gain some empathy and see the world through other's eyes. Goodnight! "
 "That explains why my phone didn't like the word!   "
 "Bloody anything. Just look at coaster tycoon. Made entirely in assembly. That just blows my mind. "
 "Well it still kinda works as a reply."
 "Canada. 500 would be great. I have, still expensive"
 "Adjust car side mirrors.. If you can see your vehicle in the mirror, they are wrong!!"
 "Cause Reddit..."
 "Please be kinder with your language.  Many people, including currently my 70 year old mom who is existing on $500 a month, are willing to work for free because it might open up an opportunity for them. Maybe they are getting screwed. Maybe they are working for non profits and are getting screwed on purpose for a cause. Please consider the nuance we remove when we legislate one minimum price for all labor. "
 "Slapchop kicks ass"
 "Awwww Yeah!"
 "One time I had a waitress just ignore me and my freinds straight up.  We had to get up and grab our own plates from the sushi bar. The sushi chef came out and apologized. I thought it was over, but when it came time to pay the bill, she ignored us yet again and I had to walk up to the hostess to run the card. Did not tip AT ALL. The restaurant was fairly empty as well, she was too busy texting on her phone and gossiping. I still go to that restaurant a lot, and I love their food, but I almost cried that day. "
 "Relay For Life does that too. "
 "I got involved with a Facebook page that highlighted some unpleasant facts about my school and people got suspended.   EDIT: I refer to it as a fad because half of my school got involved but it only lasted 3 days. "
 "Because minimum wage jobs are for teenagers and housewives "
 "They aren't that bad with the slowed time song and the dog."
 "I have a couple of speaking lines in a movie with Jason mewes. I don't think it's been released yet but It hasn't changed my life in the least   Aka- I don't know what I expected, but I don't think the experience reached that benchmark. "
 "lol. For real? I could do that :)"
 "My friend's brother once called a fart a \"whispering goat\" and that's what they've been ever since"
 "A relationship takes effort from both sides. I'm going to do whatever I can to make you happy, but you need to do some of the same."
 "Sherlock. I always notice something new."
 "My cat jumps up on my shoulders after I get out of the shower and starts licking my hair. Also she is 8 years old, not a kitten."
 "I see your point but no, I wouldn't agree with that. I don't think I have the right to tell anyone how they should or should not provide for their family, especially someone who is a hard working member of society, no matter what their job.  Edited to add: Also, I could tell a McDonalds worker with a family that they 'shouldn't' have that job all I like, but where does that get them or me? Nowhere. Does every McDonalds worker have the luxury of time, money and other resources to educate or 'better' themselves? No. So I really don't think we can tell people they should have this job or that job when it's not an even playing field and someone needs to work in McDonalds or America would shut down."
 "Well it was thanksgiving. And it was my girlfriends brother and his girlfriends baby. So. "
 "wtf? no..."
 "Went out last night avoiding fights and being arrested."
 "Kim Jung Un is a female?"
 ":-P "
 "Moving out would probably help you acquire a gf then.  Weed is sort of \"cheating\" in a way and you can always try to occupy yourself with stuff sober.  Since you like cars maybe you could try fixing one up?  I've known plenty of guys who met girls mostly because their car.  Obviously it's pretty shallow and meaningless in a way but at least you could get your dick wet and have the warm feeling of accomplishment from cruising around in something you made."
 "When I stepped out into the bright sunlight from the darkness of the movie house, I had only two things on my mind: Paul Newman and a ride home.\rThe Ousiders by S.E. Hinton "
 "I'd really appreciate it if my hand felt more like a vagina."
 "While all of the economics arguments and market pricing of wage etc. makes sense, the fallacy is the implicit idea that an optimally functioning economy is synonymous with an optimally functioning society. Optimally functioning society in I suppose he more woolly sense of well being, happiness, and social cohesion (which manifests itself in things like crime level etc). I don't think anyone disagrees that maximizing social outcomes is essentially the most meaningful goal for a society. But where there is disagreement is on how to do it, and the prevalent belief now is that if the economy is functioning optimally the social outcomes will automatically be taken care of. This is definitely at odds with what people are currently experiencing.  It sounds nice to talk about unskilled workers not being worth more money, they should just work harder and learn a skill to get a better job, etc. etc. but it becomes much more difficult when you start start to think about the flow on effects. For example, there is an opportunity cost associated with taking a full time job, namely all of the other things you could have been doing with that time. If you need to work 2 jobs to make enough money to live (maybe because you have children to support) then you don't have an opportunity to develop other skills.   Ultimately I think it comes down to the fact that employers hold the upper hand in wage negotiations because employees will starve if they don't accept the conditions that are offered. Sure nobody would work picking dandelions for 10c an hour. But people will accept jobs that prevent them from taking the steps to get better jobs. It becomes a reinforcing cycle. And it's worth noting that a highly skilled workforce improves productivity which is better for the nation as a whole, so a system that encourages, or at least allows, people to develop their skills themselves is one that brings significant benefits to the wider community. And as others have said there are other problems with having to work 2 jobs to survive, with regard to health and happiness, which are difficult to put a dollar value on and so are easy to leave out of a discussion focusing on economics, but which are critically important to the functioning of the society as a whole.   On the basis of the societal functioning in countries that have a high minimum wage (in particular, the fact that while the minimum wage causes prices to rise across the board, the rises are not uniform and certainly not the same as the increase in wages- that is, in other countries raising the minimum wage absolutely results in an increase in purchasing power for those on the minimum wage), and in light of the problems currently faced by both individuals and communities as a result of excessively low. wages, I think that is is one area where the 'optimum' functioning of the economy and market based pricing should be sacrificed."
 "Totally agree on this one. Well said!"
 "Talk to the girls I was interested in."
 "Why would she be upset? Doesn't that mean...she thought the baby wasn't yours?"
 "I don't have one because I'm about a smooth as broken glass. "
 "i never said humanity or the planet.  i simply implied certain regions.  yes, one solution is to \"make more jobs!\", but another solution would simply be to have fewer babies.  problem solved.  less environmental impact (less people driving, less fuel, etc.), less food needed, less space required.  Having a slightly lower rate of conception/birth (not failed babies, simply babies that were not conceived), could be very useful."
 "Happy New Year to you too!"
 "For me it was never the tail deflating.  It was the just laying there, face down at the end.  You know damn well it's either one of two things...  1)  He's out cold. 2)  Shame."
 "My god! He's my dad *and* my step dad"
 "I certainly think this is not the proper reaction to have. As much as you may think it is, her suicide attempt is not a reflection on your ability as a father or partner. People who are suicidal are not thinking about others...often they are merely wishing to end an existence than has become too painful to bear.  Maybe this [Hyperbole and a comic can help you understand better. I know it helped me.  "
 "Could be that the added heat increases the smells given off so enhances the taste. Smell and taste are closely linked. "
 "\"I'm sorry, but, I hate you and you're wrong.\""
 "Ay gurl, I have a bone we could *share*."
 "* Start slow. Starving yourself is just as bad as overeating. Not only does it degrade muscle and make you feel really crappy, it puts your body in 'starvation mode'. Whatever food you do eat, your body will retain as much of its energy as possible. When you eventually stop starving yourself, you will regain all the fat you've lost. Also starving yourself does provide some immediate weight loss, but this is mostly just water loss, and will be regained once you eat normally again.  * If you're uncomfortable with your body image, there are plenty of exercises you can do at home. If you have the money buy yourself a treadmill or stationary bicycle for cardio. If not, find some circuit training exercises. Buy some dumbbells for weights, they're not more than 20. Weightlifting is essential (I'll get to that.) Going to the gym is usually better. You'll have access to all the equipment you need, you might meet like-minded people, and you'll be in a good atmosphere to keep you motivated. However sometimes the cons outweigh the pros. Maybe its too expensive? Or too far away? Don't feel like you need to go to the gym, working at home is equally as good.  * Eating healthily is just as, if not more important than eating less. Cut out any microwaved food, crisps, ice cream, cake, ectera. Just use common sense, you know what foods to avoid and which ones to eat. Eat lean meats and vegetables. Unfortunately unless you want to be stuck eating the same thing every day a basic level of cooking will be required.  * Weightlifting. In order to tone the body some weightlifting is good. Just work the basic muscle groups, arms, chest, legs, core. After working a muscle group, wait at least a day before working it again. When you work a muscle you break it down. When you're resting that's when it's growing. Even if you're female, weightlifting is good. Some have misconceptions that weightlifting will make you big and bulky. It won't. It will tone your body and make you damn sexy, no matter what gender you are.  * You'll get a better view on fitness and incorporate it into your lifestyle. After you've reached your goals and just aiming to maintain you're current weight you'll find it much easier. More unhealthier foods can be eaten, less exercise needs to be done. Of course some level of control is needed but most of it comes naturally. I've maintained my weight goal for a couple of months after I stopped exercising a lot and dieting, without trying. A good rule of thumb is, weigh yourself weekly. If you've gone above a certain weight limit, cut down for a few days.  * A tip when weighing yourself. Do it at the same time. Ideally in the morning, as that's when most of your food is out of the body.   *  Do some reading on this. It's good to know the actual science behind weight loss and there's a satisfaction in knowing the way your body works.  Happy New Year :)"
 "No not really.  If my cleavage is exposed. It may get looked at, that the \"risk\". LOL  However its the same for me and I'm a girl.  If another woman's boobs are popping out in a low cut it just distracts the eye."
 "Unless flat tire..."
 "I totally second this. Unfortunately I don't write every day in my journal because it's just too emotionally exhausting, but I make up for it by just jotting down ideas I have throughout the day. Later on, they serve as great prompts. "
 "We love our moobs"
 "Jennifer Lawrence."
 "Cutting steak or any other kind of meat. It blows my mind how incapable some people are at using a fork and knife..."
 "I have created my own form of mutated hunt and peck. I use my pointer, middle and ring finger only. I only shift for special characters and to top it off I use caps lock for every time I want to capitalize a letter. That's right caps lock on and off every time. It's weird but I've mastered it over the course of 20+ years of using a keyboard.   I'm sorry, and I wish I could just type efficiently but I think I'm stuck with this method for life..."
 "I have a half husky half sheppard (at least thats what the vet says she is) she does all kinds of quirky stuff. Love her though! She super protective too. "
 "Confidence, maybe. "
 "I have only cable internet service with no TV service, so I constantly get calls from the provider trying to convince me to upgrade to an internet+TV package. They can never seem to wrap their heads around the fact that I don't want it.   Them: But how do you watch the ball games?   Me: I don't.   Them: You... Don't... Sports..?   Me: No.   Them: What about Duck Dynasty?    Me: No, goddamn it!"
 "I've totally experienced ejaculation without orgasm, if I get near the edge and then don't stimulate as it happens.  It really sucks."
 "I was tossing a frisbee with some friends one time, and had paused for a chat with a friend on my right when the disk was thrown to the person on my left.  However, he was not paying attention, and I saw, through my peripherals, that the disk was about to hit him in the side of the head.  I reached out with my left hand and caught it 1 inch from his nose, giving him the \"dude, I just saved your life\" look."
 "Justin Timberlake"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "facepalm"
 "How will 2014 be different? How will you make it so?"
 "You guys ought to stick together, like pages of that magazine."
 "COMMUNITY REFERENCE"
 "Turning into the correct lane at an intersection."
 "I would love to learn French partly because I live in Miami and will like to better communicate with my Haitian peers. Also I think it just sounds sexy lol."
 "Is that the weird spray that Shaq advertises?"
 "Practicing a healthy diet and exercise."
 "Cheers, just was adding my two cents:)"
 "Similarly, [Kiss Army Rocked By Allegations of "Typical America really. Ass-backwards on everything."
 "Because my dad says that 95% of the time when he lets one rip"
 "Tha good lahwd tells 's that laife happins at concipshun"
 "Definitely Crocs. Everyone in my family had them... and my dad still wears his."
 "Man up and quit crying! I hope this baby cries less than you do."
 "Haven't felt love yet :("
 "You guys should make out."
 "It quiets down when you get older. Several months after that night I accidentally became the leader of a local street gang  That does not sound like it quieted down."
 "Haha, it can be.  Lots of flex for the \"sitting, standing\" rules. It's the \"all the buttons fastened\" look that grinds my gears.  EDIT: typos. Addition of \"sitting, standing\"."
 "I'm drunk and your comment make me happy about the state of things in the world. All the luck to you and to a happy new year.  "
 "I downvoted no one. :-) Cheers and happy new year!"
 "By working like you want it. I worked 3 jobs at not much more than minimum wage while going to school full time. You know what happened? I earned my degree and make more than twice the national average household income within a few years of graduation.  You have to want it. Everything you do in life was your own choice so you have to own up to what it takes to dig out from those choices. "
 "Beer bottle, broom and Sound Bar......I'm screwed"
 "The legal age of consent in Mexico is twelve. Look it up. "
 "this \"waste management\" we have needs to go! - turn it into energy , I HATE pooping "
 "Those are called boobs"
 "Probably away at school. Smart puppy."
 "Let's not forget the veteran sniper battle in *World at War*"
 "Driving"
 "Too early to tell, check back in, in 12 months."
 "Hey, watchit.  I do that.  I like it to be tidy."
 "Get some class"
 "An idiom is something that doesn't mean the same thing as its parts.  \"I couldn't care less\" means exactly what it says on the tin.  For a lot of people \"I could care less\" has a meaning opposite to its parts, meaning that it *is* an idiom."
 "ahh I see what you mean. In that sense I get it."
 "I've had several, but spread out over time. Most guys I know say that they haven't."
 "This is why I like my union shop.  Nobody cares, everybody knows what everyone else makes.  "
 "I work for just barely above the minimum wage, $8.00 an hour. The minimum wage is $7.25 an hour.   $8 an hour isn't livable.   BUT...  I do not support an increase. Reason? Raise the minimum wage, suddenly the company will have to charge more for their product, in order to pay their employees and still make a profit.   Most companies will.   All this will do is speed up inflation and I'll be right back in the same damn boat. Broke is broke is broke. Doesn't matter how much we make an hour.   Though, I should note... While I only make 17000 a year, I am very much a proponent of 'Survival of the fittest.' If it comes down to it, I'll always have food to eat, and clothes to wear. One way or the other. "
 "Know someone who can get you a job"
 "Reminds me of those books by Suzanne Collins, where the main character is named Gregor and his little sister can't pronounce his name correctly."
 "On my first day of preschool, when we pulled up in the parking lot, I told my Mom that she didn't have to come in with me. I was about 4 year old and was totally ready to just get dropped off."
 "I think this is the best one!"
 "so then you couldnt lift me :("
 "I had to explain that one to just about everyone in my family."
 "Please learn how to properly use commas. I recommend Woe is I by Patricia O'Connor."
 "risotto "
 "\"Yeah, I love locking them in the basement with an active fireplace and watching them burn\"  Gets a laugh out of /r/thesims but probably wouldn't go over well on /r/aww"
 "Still don't believe in ghosts by my dog randomly barks at the air and whenever she goes in my closet."
 "There are other cures."
 "ITT: very low level goals.  Read a book? Go for a walk? Are you serious? "
 "I've studied the bible, and that's why I know you're wrong. From the sounds of it you don't know a thing about your OWN book... "
 "Boob job. "
 "The other issue to this is that most employees are rarely given a true insight to how the business they work for performs financially. As a high level employee for a small business I can tell you this is very purposeful. Or as the old saying goes \"never let them know how well you're doing\"."
 "Link?  For science of course"
 "\"Uhh... hey baby\""
 "Well unidan is a FAKE! I have top secret files of him doing too secret stuff"
 "cut out the middle~~man~~flora in converting sunlight to usable energy in a way that doesn't turn people green (i just redecorated and green wouldn't work)."
 "It's things like this that make me love humanity."
 "I have to admit, 8 years later and I still think they're kind of cool"
 "What about a thinner, lizard style one?"
 "Saving..."
 "Some middle aged balding dude's Facebook profile.   I am a 25 year old female.  "
 "What about the early worm..."
 "I think you need your ass beat, with a belt."
 "I find something else to distract me without just jerking off (which is a copout IMO). My go-to is seeing my friends, it gets my mind off it."
 "As a father....KEEP YOUR MOUTH SHUT   some things should be kept to yourself.  If you feel guilt...talk with a professional councilor."
 "Save money and exercise."
 "I can't move out.  I make a total of 10 grand a year.  Perhaps 9 or so that I spend on my car.  But even if I saved up every penny I could just barely scrape by with rent and utilities.    I do attend auto cross events but every single woman there is there with their boyfriend or is surrounded by 10 other guys wanting to fuck her.  I don't have a snowball's chance in hell at that point. "
 "Heelys weren't stupid. They were a great fad. "
 "What man would be dumb enough to go down on a \"skanky\" prostitute?"
 "Im waiting for someone to tell me about the NONO cause that shit is $200 to $300 and I wanna know if its worth it."
 "I'm sure there's rich men who would pay to watch that"
 "Agree. Pilots have to retest (and get medical clearance) every two years in the US, so why shouldn't drivers?"
 "I think we all know every paranormal event is just some selfish guy in a mask."
 "Blonde tips in my hair.   90's boy band all the way. "
 "In the UK we're taught \"mirror, signal, manoeuvre\"."
 "Exactly.  Luckily min-wage jobs require not much training."
 "And after it's over, you gain 50 IQ points."
 "In PGH there was a church-run check cashing place/credit union called 'Grace Period.'  They would lend you up to $250 interest free, but you had to pay back the money and open a savings account with $50 in it.  After the initial 'free' loan they charged people (iirc) $15 plus a $50 savings deposit to obtain additional loans.  Obviously the idea was to eventually save up the $250 and leave the place.  I'm not saying it was perfect (and the organization was hit hard by scammers and honest mistake makers alike) but it seemed like a good alternative.  The problem is that the kind of people who habitually need payday loans are not the kind of people who naturally follow rigid structure."
 "Quickly drop your pants, shit in your hand and throw it at the nearest object, screaming \"jolly ranchers!\" (repeat as necessary)"
 "Sigh. "
 "While I appreciate your judgements on my life (extreme poverty in childhood to high earner in adulthood), age (25), and thought process (in this case, coldly rational), Reaganomics doesn't influence me in this regard nearly as much as being able to do math.  Thanks for your baseless assumptions, though!"
 "ITT: /u/trauma_kmart getting a lot of karma. "
 "Driving slow in the fast lanes."
 "Indigo is a lie! "why?"
 "Apparently I am a hockey player. (Not a hockey player)"
 "Excess Calorie dispersal. Once you get to the weight you want, just set the weight cruise control and forget it."
 "Wear pants."
 "So it harms none, do what you will. "
 "That they don't exist yet. Haha. What a little scamp :')"
 "what book?"
 "It would be more evident what you mean if you said \"Keep [state] and [injunctive prepositional phrase]."
 "Maybe not, but what you're doing by denying her employment is contributing to the system that keeps shaqueesha in that environment."
 "Heat control."
 "HAPPY CAKE DAY"
 "I don't think there's any intrinsic value in blind experimentation. If you can get instructions on something and get it right the first time, why not? Yeah, you learn from your experiences. But there's nothing important in life that you're really expected to jump into without *any* help or advice. "
 "Gaelic because why the fuck not. "
 "Apparently I'm a doctor and investigator in the Public Health Department at a major university-I'll take it (those credentials are way better then mine are, and it sounds like a pretty interesting job!)"
 "Weed smells like shit. I don't hate people who smoke it, but the smell is a huge turnoff."
 "Hi, member of the female gender here. A female variation of \"blue balls\" is indeed possible. Sometimes there is legit pain down there if a high state of arousal is continued for long periods of time with no relief. I'm not sure it happens as easily as blue balls, but it does happen.  When it happens, it feels as if the vagina (as in, the actual hole you put things in) is opening up and it starts aching. It's...it's a very private and desperate kind of pain.  ETA: I fix matters with my hand. As in, I make threatening motions towards my SO to bully him into commencing with the baby-making.   ...just kidding. I masturbate."
 "Fudge swearing, man."
 "[I want to play a 20 doge  If doge dies and with it the doge coin cryptocurrency, these 20 doge coins will be worthless, however if it continues on course to the moon you could be a slum doge millionaire.   "
 "How she runs slightly sideways, and when she walks, she bounces. I love my cat."
 "Looking at you, reddit. "
 "Of all the things to be a turn off, its kind of bad to choose something that the other party cant really do anything about.   Still, if I had to listen to type of laugh all the time I might agree with you completely."
 "It depends on the job. What if your job is to punch rattlesnakes in the scrotum? What if one day when you were punching a rattlesnake in the scrotum your boss called and now wants you to stop punching snakes and start punching candles? It depends on the job. "
 "Get paid to sleep."
 "What's the worst that can happen?"
 "Who the fuck gives a shit what other people do? It doesn't affect me."
 "\"... and those blind to their own unvividness will call their addiction moderation.\" - Nostradamus"
 "ComicVine.  Seriously, It's such an awesome website. If you like comics, theres no end to the entertainment. Personally my two favorite forums are the battle forum and the RPG forum.   In the battles forum, people post fights between superheros, and people debate on who wins, its fun to read, and generally just cool.  The RPG forum is self explanatory I think, it has no rules as to what you can do, it's an extremely friendly community and all around just awesome.  "
 "Fact that Leonardo DiCaprio hasn't won an oscar?"
 "The lost prophets singer being a pedophile"
 "Then how about we start end the practice of subsidiaries ."
 "It's more of a question of maturity, regarding both parties. Take your relationships seriously, learn from your mistakes and try and determine what qualities don't work for you in your significant other. Be honest with yourself about what you do wrong, each relationship is a building block to improve the next. It's not simply a matter of age, but a matter of when you're ready for it."
 "Hasn't happened to me. I feel like there's a time bomb just ticking away inside me!"
 "IMDB.com casting director born the same year I was."
 "Fix that spontaneous combustion glitch."
 "You would need to drink a lot more water, though. This may make things worse in Africa."
 "\"Just throw the babies under the drawbridge, that'll take care of em\"   /r/dwarffortress  - Some of us have problems "
 "What was he like off camera? Was he as spastic and dumb?"
 "Some can't anyway..."
 "You click the reply button... then say who you're replying to...? Why?"
 "I was 17. He was the sweetest, funniest, most attentive man I'd ever met. We just clicked right from the start. We fell together like it was meant to be. We got engaged. It seemed completely right.  He dumped me, later. He had... issues. Not saying I didn't, but his lead to him needing some time to think. I think a lot of it came down to me wanting kids and he didn't. Or maybe it was just his fear of family. I guess I'll never know. But it was one of the best things in my life, to be with him. I only hope one day I'll feel it again. There have been other men, some of whom I've loved, but not the same, or as fully. Perhaps there never will be. Or maybe I'm misremembering. Or just older now.   Anyway, I don't regret it. And I don't think we should have stuck together or anything. But it was beautiful while it lasted.  TL;DR: 17; all reasons and none; beautiful while it lasted"
 "Well yeah it's the greed of shareholders and CEOs that is the problem. It's the greed of the extremely, extremely wealthy as well."
 "Hippies and/or hipsters"
 "(   )  REALLY REDDIT. YOU DO THIS TO ME. Reddit hurt lenny ):"
 "I went from iFunny, to memebase, then I realized most memebase stuff comes from Reddit, now I'm on Reddit."
 "Havw you guys not considered washing ur butts on the loo? Culturally, the majority do it (so I believe without sources..)  "
 "Caramel popcorn"
 "And if you go to a country where telnet drive on the left, stand on the left!!"
 "1) Beans have protein. 2) Tuna is cheap, throw it on some pasta. 3) Protein powder is cheap, $50 tub of optimum nutrition is 70 servings of 24G of whey."
 "A lot of people are bugged by this, but frankly, I could care less."
 "You're really definitely missing the point.  I'm not saying my arguments were good.  They're not even my arguments, i don't agree with most of them.   I could argue your side equally well.  The point is that the statements I made are equally valid to yours and there is basically no factual way to resolve it.  This type of discussion, from either side, is yelling at mountains.  It may feel good, but you're not actually saying anything except that you prefer the color blue because it is a cool, calming and relaxing color over red, because red is the color of anger.  My points (again, I was not taking sides) are simply the opposing view in favor of red.  They're equally useless, and ultimately pointless.    If you had hammered my points as being value based rather than factual and pragmatic, instead of presenting equally value based arguments, you would have been equally correct."
 "He's a lawnmower. Pay attention. "
 "Essentially then Costco employees are validating their higher wage by being more productive than the average Walmart employee."
 " Also, there's no real need for modern people to store more than 50 lbs of fat. Please stop...   There's already a system for this... please stop eating more than necessary"
 "Damn. My wife has been putting up red flags for years and I didn't know! "
 "Fill out their deposit slips at the bank."
 "i have and im not saying i know the book inside and out. this is simply my opinion. this book is leading into a more mystical realm... weve seen a lot of people die and weve seen a lot of people die and come back. and you know martin doesnt kill off characters just bc they got hurt. unless martin makes it clear a character has most certainly died you cant believe it. the hound for example, there are whispers hes dead within the book but those are all words from characters. to me with the way martin writes im just not buying anyone is dead until he writes the death out for my own eyes to read. "
 "Pot. "
 "9/11 was an inside job."
 "Man I love internet doctors  \"Got cold feet? YOU HAVE DIABETES!\""
 "tldr; People talk shit about you in languages you don't speak"
 "Climb a mountain. Tell no one."
 "I am the same way....we are not weird or crazy"
 "Slimy yet satisfying?"
 "You know, Fredric f***in' Chopin?"
 "Live on a budget.  Have an emergency fund, and start putting away savings."
 "i'd like to remove something like my ears or eyes and have them grow back in case of deaf/blindness"
 "Married once before to the wrong person. To be frank, I was naive @ 25  thought I could \"make\" it work... but it takes 2.  Forward 10 years of marriage, divorce, and dating.  I made a list of everything I need in my next partner (I only plan on getting married once more). I made a list of needs and wants. I wrote it all down in moments of retrospection.  I found that woman. And while all relationships require work, it is far easier with someone compatible.  Good luck. "
 "Well that's a factor that cannot be accounted for"
 "Unfortunately this is the norm in our society. As a soon to be father, I'm deeply grateful to my mother for teaching me fucking manners."
 "What do you mean?  If you force up wages, any given business will not be able to hire as many people as it would have before"
 "What the fuck, that completely defeats the purpose of a rotary. "
 "I've tried. I tried to talk to her about why she felt that was the answer. She refused. She wouldn't go see professional help, even though I implored her to do so. She has spent the last year or so alienating me; I do nice things for her regularly, I work overtime every week and still do all the housework, I'm the one that gets up with the baby at night...but I get no reciprocation, nothing back. She'll agree with her therapist that we need to communicate better, but then she won't actually open up to me as soon as we leave the therapist's office.   I have no clue how to deal with that. "
 "Starts a professional softball league"
 "I think you're missing a key point - I'm talking about clean potable water. Freshwater Aquifers are drying up at an alarming rate and growing populations in arid regions is putting more strain on the water supply. The water cycle only accounts for where the water goes....most of it ends up in the ocean either directly through runoff or indirectly through sewer discharges into rivers.....and yes it can be treated to become drinkable.....but thats not the point....the point is DRINKABLE water without extensive treatment is not plentiful"
 "How about armoured balls?"
 "I was going to say clubs in college if it was that. Are there any activities you might be interested in? Like maybe yoga, cooking, dance, things like that. "
 "no"
 "Have you tried talking to women just for the sake of practicing?  Don't approach it like picking the woman up is the goal.  The goal is just to make small talk with her.  If your goal is just to practice talking to women rather than picking them up you might put less pressure on yourself.  It might feel weird at first but maybe it will get easier and easier and you'll feel more comfortable."
 "Because I'm lame and would rather be with my dog."
 "Impeccable logic."
 "This is actually brilliant and I'm somewhat baffled now as to why they haven't done this already. No one needs to see the actual scores, if you like it you upvote, if you dislike it you downvote. This would completely stop people from bandwagoning."
 "I think our countries just have seriously different attitudes towards this issue. I'm presuming you are living in North America here, but please correct me if I'm wrong."
 "In Nov. or Dec.  85\" Arrow Air charter and the 101st airborne was on the plane. Somebody collected all the reports and posted them online, it's been yrs since I read it but it's out there.  Hope this helps. "
 "After two solid hours of pushing, my husband said \"You're gonna have to do better than that\"  They had to drag her out with forceps because she was facing sideways.  He didn't get any sex for 6 months for both reasons."
 "A few years ago I was at a special screening of a movie called \"Ed Gein: The Musical.\" As you can imagine I went to the movie thinking who could pass this up! The director was there and gave a speech before the film and everything. Then....it started.....it was so horrible. I mean I didn't think it was going to be high quality but every joke was bad and the director just laughed at everything while drinking beer. His laughter was almost sad too like he was depressed. I ended up walking out and on the way the director stopped us and said, \"Oh you are leaving?\" My friend and I got all awkward and I just said \"Yeah....we have too.\" And then we bolted.... I feel so bad for him. I hope he got his life together and did better work."
 "Invest in a well fitted suit my friend. It will make you look physically better, and more presentable. I've seen far too many young guy's come into interviews wearing ill fitted suits. It just smacks of immaturity. "
 "that's like mounting the CPU on the outside of the computer case to increase airflow."
 "\"You're hired!\"  *period starts*"
 "Yolo, duh."
 "I've been going out a bit too much lately so tonight I'm thinking I need a no pants, no bra, no phone kind of night mixed in with a lot of wine and hours of playing harvest moon. "
 "Got bit on the side of my eye...that suck"
 "Internships are very helpful, employers want to see that you have some experience working in a similar setting.  Also boob jobs, pants and the other things."
 "Thank you stranger! Enjoy your gold :D"
 "Hmmm...to me there's a big difference between men who are just quiet and reserved, even those who are socially inept, and those who are outright depressed.   I don't like overly loud people and people too extroverted exhaust me, so quiet and withdrawn and shy I can be attracted to. Even socially inept, if not too severe, can be cute for a short while.   Depressed, not so much. "
 "Whoa. Sorry"
 "They look horrible."
 "I'm sorry for your loss. and that must have been a scary moment."
 "Fritolaysia Cuts Off Chiplomatic Relations With Snakistan"
 "I can relate. My mom is pretty hard of hearing (not technically deaf but pretty damn close) to the point where if we are in a group setting or there is any music or a tv on in the background she has to stare at your mouth to have any chance of knowing what you're saying. She's even gone as far as reading the lips of people on tv (like during a game when a player is cursing and complaining). It's actually really cool.  Sad part for me is I'm progressively getting to that point myself. Though I always feel bad because if I'm not looking towards someone they can go on a giant rant and by the end of it when I realize I have to either ask them to repeat it or just pretend like I know what's happening."
 "Definitely not Blitzcrank "
 "Make half the females dress as waifs instead of dikes.  "
 "Yes. Everybody thinks they are the best driver and that no one else knows how to do it properly."
 "I can't decide between Korean and Spanish. One one hand, I listen to a lot of Korean music, and it would be nice to be able to understand it. On the other, Spanish is very useful to know as an American. I'd probably pick Spanish because it's more practical."
 "Yes, but I wouldn't change too many things. This year I was best man for my best friend's wedding and my brother got married too. I wouldn't mind reliving those events. Though that would also mean having to rebury my grand parents as well."
 "Depends on how she was trying it maybe she needs more attention? Because it's not very likely to stop someone from doing something like that maybe she wanted to get caught? "
 "Little known exception:  if you're out walking outside somewhere with no one else around, you're much better off to just keep your hands by your sides, rear back and sneeze into the world."
 "The ability to fall asleep at will."
 "/r/shitredditsays"
 "I'm pretty sure that is illegal."
 "\"emergency solution\""
 "Wait... not everyone has those? Oh. There must be something wrong with mine..."
 "It's pretty bad. Think of the 80's, all the women \"9 to 5\" workers, secretaries, etc that were required to wear heels, we were treating them as they age, so for 10-20 years they wear heels every single day and SO many bunions, hammertoes (the crooked/in disarray toes), plantar fasciitis and neuromas, then would come in for treatment back when I was a P.A.   Not so bad any more as work places aren't \"requiring\" high heels, but of course, it would depend on your job. "
 "I'd probably have an online review series. Why? I over analyze everything and love to talk."
 "Are you okay if guys dress like that?"
 "There's a whole bunch of problems with this.  First, having kids isn't always a choice.  Second, growing up poor, knowing nothing but poverty, and having no options...those aren't bad decisions.  That's getting dealt a shitty hand in life.  In your second scenario, 'not having kids' isn't a magic solution.  Having 'an albatross around your neck' isn't what keeps people from prospering in minimum wage jobs.  It's the fact that the jobs are minimum wage, and minimum wage isn't livable.  Maybe it isn't McDonald's fault.  But the economic conditions that force people into poverty are more the responsibility of large corporations than of the poor individuals who were born without choices in life.  And even if it isn't their fault...**somebody** has to step up.  Who else can do it besides the employers?"
 "Battlefront series because they're really addictive "
 "I'm 7 months into my beard and get that shit all the time. I've never seen the show. "
 "Fuck NASCAR. It's just regulation cars going in circles literally 300+ times."
 "Practice makes perfect unless you're gay."
 "Dad dicks are intimidating "
 "My cat hates everything and is as sarcastic as a cat can be. He would roll his eyes if he could at the level of affection I give him. But he knows whenever I'm sick or especially sad and comes to sit with me on his own accord (quite a feat!) to help me feel better :)"
 "I tuck mine around my nuts, pointing straight down."
 "Doge. It's even more annoying than dolan"
 "This is when being a 6'3\" decently muscular dude comes in handy. Like all animals when threatened, I draw back my shoulders and take a large breath to appear even larger, maintain eye contact to display dominance, and get off that elevator at my own goddamn pace."
 "Salt Lake isn't bad. Utah is actually a wonderful place"
 "I've never experienced a break up. "
 "Play GTA V"
 "Yea...no."
 "I dislike vibrators."
 "My dog is just like me. She will just relax with me all day and chill. She is like a stoner dog without the weed. Eat all day, sleep, and chill. Of course she always makes a mess in the kitchen by knocking over her bowl to get to the food at the bottom. But she also cleans it all up by eating the food throughout the day.   My cat is also lazy but will play if she is in the mood. She will hop into the blankets with me and sleep. She is clean and loving to me. Not much to everyone else but eh she's nice to me :). "
 "As someone that has large gums, I feel a little more self conscious now..."
 "In the UK, they start retesting at age 70."
 "Memorial page for my uncle."
 "A lot of my contemporaries have gotten married. It's a real kick in the pants that my fianc died."
 "i love them alll."
 "I ran into Don King once on the way to a cafeteria in Germany. Such an annoying laugh that I double-timed my ass out of the area.  I also saw Donald Rumsfield at a chow hall after a long day. I was immediately disgusted with him. He put of a really self-righteous and sleazy vibe while keeping a smug look on his stupid face. I couldn't bring myself to eat."
 "Haha, sometimes I regret it..."
 "i wanted that username!"
 "The link doesn't go well with your question"
 "Some links:  Some links to help. 1. "Didn't you find out about that? I'll fax the details to you."
 "I live in the UK, where socialism is not a swearword."
 "Tomorrow"
 "DUR DURK DUR DRRRRRRRRS!"
 "i didnt say perfect skin. if a girl has skin as nice as mine ill be quite content (note: I don't wear makeup)"
 "Bend down in a squatting position, grab the object with your arms, stand up. The goal is to use the stronger muscles of the legs to lift rther than using your back. It's easy to injure your back if you pick things up using back muscles."
 "I was interviewed from a news reporter.  They got my name wrong and I sounded fucking retarded."
 "Look the part. If your a stoner looking dude, better clean it up and don't let them know until after they hire you. Wear something actually nice to the interview, don't go crazy but wear a nice button up and some khakis.   Be confident, be cocky as shit. Why do you deserve this job better than everyone else. Because I'm better than everyone else, I work harder and I have goals in life. I won't stop working until I reach my goals.   Practice answering interview questions, have you friends and family do mock interviews to prepare you for anything. One of the best questions I always got asked \"Why do you think your weaknesses are?\" I answer this the same way, I'm a perfectionist. If something is dirty and needs to be cleaned I'm going to stop what I'm doing and clean it. I don't send anything out that I wouldn't eat. (if it's food).   "
 "Cinnamon Toast Crunch. You don't see the taste, you *feel* it."
 "Welp, then it is allowed in that emergency. You mustn't starve. "
 "Praise Gaben, Fuck EA."
 "I will be working in insurance and will work in upper management. A master's degree will be helpful when running operations."
 "Teabaggers? "
 "evolutions already working on it.... less and less people are not growing  "
 "safe haven.  Cheesy flick but the end scene when the guy's dead wife wrote letters for their daughter and future new wife to read pulled on the heart strings..."
 "Then where do we get pets?"
 "I kicked down the side view mirrors of my ex's car when I saw it parked one day. Yea I know this is immature of me.."
 "What if you lost your legs? You couldn't shit. And how would diapers work?"
 "That if I ate the seed of a fruit or vegetable I would become pregnant. Im older now and I ABSOLUTELY HATE the seeds from any fruits or vegetables."
 "General Veers' Chicken.  Ha!"
 "Waiting for my friends to get ready so we can go out for NYE.  Girls...."
 "I'm curious why you want people to insult you."
 "say \"ying yang\" when the term is actually \"yin yang\""
 "Yes, there is something wrong with you.  You lack compassion and empathy and probably are more than a bit selfish.  Your wife has been telling you that this was coming in so many ways that you have ignored.  Apparently your minimum standard of conduct is being less of an asshole than her other relationships.  Probably hold that shit over her head everyday and never miss an opportunity to rub her nose into it, amirite?  Really you sound like an awful person and I'm not just trying to be internet contrary or shocking.  Just wow. "
 "Chupa mi vergota"
 "Haha, thanks for making me laugh in this ridiculous thread!"
 "I read somewhere that regeneration limit was imposed as a safety issue, and when the Time War \"started\" (lol time war having a fixed starting point) they gave everyone all their regenerations back as a way to strengthen their forces.  I've also read that there's no actual regeneration limit and they made it up to get people off their back."
 "Hey man I thought the same thing. I don't get it. "
 "[I want to play a 20 doge  If doge dies and with it the doge coin cryptocurrency, these 20 doge coins will be worthless, however if it continues on course to the moon you could be a slum doge millionaire.   Good luck.  "
 "At Galatoire's in New Orleans for Good Friday lunch, 4 hours. Well I didn't exactly wait, I paid a guy to wait in line for me, I was over in the bar down the block sipping martinis. "
 "Mountain climbing and snow skiing, stop making excuses as to why you can't and start planning a trip to ski tonight.  Also Google some local Mountain climbers and find a good spot for begginers and go THIS weekend. "
 "It's not really \"what other people have done to their penises\" it's \"what other people have done to other people's penises\", which is why it's a problem."
 "I instinctively feel there's something wrong with my reaction, but I cannot muster up any other feelings. I wish I could.   EDIT: At first glance, that comic made me think of me and how I interact with the world (except for my kids, they bring infinite joy to me, as she used to). The thought hit me though....maybe she's feeling like that for the first time ever, and isn't sure how to handle those feelings, or lack thereof. Because generally speaking, she's a SUPER emotional person. "
 "And what do I talk about?  I literally have nothing in common with women.  I like cars and I play video games to pass the time but I don't call it a passion.  Girls that like that are always surrounded by 5-10 guys who want to fuck and date her like a goddamn body guard unit.  "
 "But then we can't jerk off to some childish notion of *justiiiiice*! "
 "[God Reveals He Occasionally Eats "Damn that guy is hot"
 "All of my assumptions are based on the individual only, not society as a whole.  In this situation, I am assuming that population growth will be taken care of by those who can afford to have children.  Obviously, it isn't good for a country if no-one has children.  Just look at Japan."
 "Your mother always hated you and she was right to."
 "The inevitable heat death of the universe. "
 "You have to be careful with this because this is the sole incentive for researching drugs. This is why drug companies can patent their drugs for seven years and charge whatever they please. Otherwise, no one would ever research new drugs"
 "6, Rosy Palmer and her 5 sisters."
 "A better brain"
 "There are three human beings in existence not within frame.  *Three.*"
 "Kill her uncle. Wait, done. Kim is a guy though"
 "He honestly just became an asshole.  Then he became Marilyn Manson"
 "MORE LIKE BORE-OPHYLL!"
 "As a machinist I see this often enough. As the minimum wage goes up you start hiring people with a little more skill, plenty of people looking for work that fit.   taking away an entry level job that a kid could have gotten to get in the door. Last time I changed jobs I went from $13.75 an hour to $8.00 an hour with the agreement that it would go up as I proved my value to the company. within a year I was up to $14 an hour. Now that I have learned the products and machinery I have value to the company and the raises/evaluation come every 4 months As long as I work hard every day.  Don't be pissed off if someone can walk in and do your job for less money, that just shows a failure on your part."
 "Nobody spreads rumors about me. I'm not worth their time. "
 "What are some of your goals for this new year? What do you want to accomplish that may help you or others?"
 "Walking in on the right side in narrow hallways!!!  In my school every fucking retard just goes all zig-zag berserk. Everytime you slam into someone it just gets really awkward."
 "That isn't what I mean. A lot of people don't understand what migraines are so they diagnose themselves and call any bad headache a migraine.   There's another thing that's become common at big companies... and this one pisses me off more. People will lie and doctor shop until they get one to write a note saying they have migraines. This makes them eligible under the FMLA for time off work any old day they like. This kind of behavior hurts people who actually have migraines because it causes people to assume that the real sufferers are exaggerating or lying as well.   At one corporate office of a large company I worked for in the past a department of 800 or so people went from 10 people with FMLA leave  to nearly 100 in a month. Word got around that if you could get a doctor to write a note saying you get migraines, then you could use that for FMLA leave eligibility. Of all those people that suddenly took advantage of that, there probably were one or more that legitimately had migraines, but the end result was that the rest of the employees assumed all these people on leave for migraines were full of shit. This hurts the actual sufferers. "
 "Jesus, a lot of things piss you off."
 "I did the same. There are pictures EVERYWHERE of that time. It would be the one period of my life where my parents actually picked up a camera. "
 "Latin, so I can speak of anything and it sounds like i'm exorcising demons."
 " Take what you want,  Um, no. WORK for what you want.  "
 "\"hehehe.. uh.. want to like do it\""
 "The world is 70% water. Crisis averted."
 "I prefer shaved. Trimmed at the minimum."
 "Learning science and eventually participating in research, being with friends and having a soulmate of the opposite gender.  At the moment I'm learning subjects which I will never again need for the rest of my life, in an all-boys school. I suppose things could be much worse though!   "
 "On a scale of 1 to America, how free are you to grab a drink with me tonight?"
 "That was beautiful..  Now....  WERE ALLLL IN THIIIS TOGETHER-"
 "My dad worked at a halfway house, where former prisoners live for a while while they get their shit together. Some bloke was there, been in prison for child abuse. He was determined to go see his daughter, now an adult, whom he'd abused. Knowing the consequences, my father told him \"You've got 20 minutes before I report you missing\". My dad knew the journey would take minimum 30 minutes, because he travelled it everyday. The guy was arrested just as he turned into the street and was sent back to prison for the 8 year remainder of his sentence."
 "most dumbest"
 "Nope. Why?"
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Shut up fartknocker!"
 "Seriously, it's like 11k and counting today. Insane."
 "With my ex, I would carry her to the toilet before pulling out to avoid this (for both of us)."
 "Really? Because I think all laws should be written assuming that people will try to abuse them."
 "Nobody should have to like \"How You Remind Me\", ahahaha."
 "Turns out it can buy happiness "My cat looooooves to have her left arm pit scratched. She will come around the left side of me, slip under my arm and then extend her left front leg so I can scratch. When she really gets into it, she sticks her nose straight up and licks the air. She doesn't care about the right side. "
 "Even though some people might make comments along the lines \"well, you still have to live in North Dakota\" that's quite the steal."
 "Here we are again, lol.   Anyways, I can attest to that, CV is just freaking awesome, anyone who likes comics owes it to themselves to try it.  Seriously."
 "my exfriend used to do that... its disgusting  "
 "Agreed. And then There's me. In a company that doesn't care about money. I come in. I spend. Boss likes it. Pays me well. "
 "Give me a blow job and when I burst make sure to swallow and keep eye contact. If you aren't down for that you aren't dating my daughter."
 "A Jedi"
 "You should go to both.  Flights from the Philippines (whether Cebu or Manila) to Cambodia are ridiculously cheap on budget airlines like Tiger or Cebu Pacific. The flight to Cambodia is short.  The Philippines are pretty amazing as a western tourist. English is a national language, so you can always find someone to help. And the language barrier affects me most when traveling. The people are friendly (some for the wrong reasons, just like in any country) and extremely curious. The dollar (or any currency really) goes a *long* way. It's a ton of fun.  "
 "Inspired on phone saint "
 "What the hell are you trying to ask us!?"
 "There's a difference between shy and depressed/withdrawn.  Shy is cute, it shows they're like a pistachio.  They have a shell(their shyness) but if you can break that shell you can get to something good(hopefully).  It's usually not a huge barrier to break and the shyness is usually caused due to nervousness or something trivial like that. Depressed/withdrawn/socially inept is not some shell really, it's who they are.  All it shows is someone being down that has no problem drawing that attention to themselves and has no problem bringing others down too.  I know they might not have a choice on if they feel these ways or are these ways, but it is their choice to express it outwardly and project it onto others.  If you really want a girlfriend, stop moping.  Fake it until you make it, put up that front of you're happy, even if you aren't, and learn to be at least pleasant in you're outgoing personality.  Have it be the reverse, don't be depressed and withdrawn and expect girls to be attracted to you because they want to nurture.  Be happy and outgoing, although faking, and when girls get to know you they'll find out how you truly feel and they'll love that you opened up to them and if they truly have a nurturing side to them they'll feel that as well.  Of course, there are always girls out there that are like guys, that like going for the broken toys for various reasons.  Whether it's so they can fix it up, so they can abuse it's brokenness and then move on, or whatever.  You don't want those people in your life."
 "No, that's a new level of asshat I hope to avoid. "
 "Still not giving any shits..."
 "O sharp"
 "Like when the queen goes number onesies?"
 "Not wet no, I call it the tingles.  Because like the name, the area gets fucking tingly as all hell.  That's my lady random boner."
 "Puny god."
 "\"Check out my Daniel Defense build!\" would get me several \"sweet\" comments on /r/AR15.  Not so much on /r/GUNSARECOOL."
 "Pretty sure teeth also exist to chew things."
 "Had a series of incidents about 10 years back when I'd be home alone, someone else would get home, smell gas, and realize that a knob on our stove had been turned so that gas was coming out, but not turned enough that it was lit. It was very unnerving, especially as I couldn't smell it."
 "Pussy."
 "If you want to go all out, Wolverine pulls a Cell. If anything at all survives of him he comes back eventually."
 "I have found it rather challenging to eat by itself. I like to put it in chicken salad or dip it in peanut butter. If you're interested here are some reasons why [celery is good for "I saw it with my mom. :/"
 "[I want to play a 20 doge  If doge dies and with it the doge coin cryptocurrency, these 20 doge coins will be worthless, however if it continues on course to the moon you could be a slum doge millionaire.   Make your choice, live or die.  "
 "Your place isn't affordable to someone with your income, that's why you come up short each month. The general rule of thumb is that you want your rent to be about 30% of your monthly income. $500 is waaaay over that for you.   I'm not saying you can find a cheaper place that is walkable to your job, just that you don't have an affordable place to live."
 "Sometimes I barely notice. Other times I notice, and sometimes acknowledge by masturbation."
 "Youtube "
 "Obamacare website failures"
 "Don't pick a fight with someone bigger than you."
 "I work this weekend and I don't have ski's or a snowboard.  Fuck, I don't even know where to rent one and I feel extremely uncomfortable going some where by myself that if I don't know what to do. "
 "Its funny to know also, Africans were the ones who sold other Africans into "There are flying pink penises in every thread?! I've been reading the wrong threads..."
 "\"I wish you were my little toe.   ...Because I'd bang you on every piece of furniture.\""
 "Microphone and backup Mic."
 "I would guess she wants the D."
 "Peoples' ears turning pointy when talking to someone they are romantically interested in. We need a way to determine this. Also, elf chicks."
 "The saying means that if you wake up earlier, you get what you want sooner than someone who wakes up later - basically first come first served."
 "Very good advice.  My family got screwed when we left our crappy apartment.  Got hit with a fine which we couldn't dispute because we were already set to leave the country.  Would've been easy had we taken pictures."
 "I'm at work and have been giggling about this comment for the past three hours. Thank you."
 "TL;DR: I tried. "
 "It's harmless fun as long as both parties see it that way."
 "I don't have many turn offs, but once a girl told me that her \"pussy was as tight as a 7 year olds\". Didn't talk to her after that."
 "Raisin Bran is great. Have you ever tried All Bran? Once you get used to it, it's pretty good."
 "Smile and laugh every day, and appreciate the small lovely beauties in life- there are many.  I'm sorry to hear about your year; I hope that it will lead you to appreciate more and take on the world with an open mind."
 "I think I understand where you're coming from, and I see why our opinions are different. You're looking at min wage as a stepping stone, a place to grow from, and I think that's probably the right way to look at it in a well-adjusted world, but the reality is that people are stuck in those jobs instead of eventually growing out if them. This is a function of our broken economic system. From that perspective I'd had to agree that a small hike would be adequate, but then the expectation would be that companies would increase salary over time or be more generous with bonuses or raises. It's unfair to expect someone to stay at the same low-wage place in their lives for more than a few years.  As for what the wage should be... It's a tough question and I don't know enough about economics to make an educated statement, but it certainly needs to be examined from a realistic standpoint and take into account who has those jobs and what their needs are. The company shouldn't pay people who don't do work, but I think it's fair to expect them to be willing to treat their employees with respect to their personal needs. If I had to put a number down I wouldn't mind seeing how $15 would do, but honestly something that high doesn't make sense. Sure that might be the number needed in San Francisco, CA but in Sioux Falls, SD... It could probably be ~$9-10. Being adaptive makes more sense than blanketing the issue."
 "I don't know, kind of makes sense to me. You're letting them know you have the ability to care less and that the amount of care you are giving now is also minimal. So, it's a double insult, like I barely care enough to listen to you, but I could care less and just ignore you completely too."
 "It's not just merging on the freeway, it's exiting it as well. I understand you need to slow down but the very second the road verges into the exit, do NOT slam on the breaks and start driving 30 miles an hour. People are coming off a road going at least 65 behind you and just might slam into the ass of your car."
 "There's another point that I think you have not addressed. You say that \"Companies, similarly, have a maximum amount of money, that, if they pay higher than this, the cost of paying you isn't worth the value you bring\"  But that's not actually true. For example, Burger King needs workers to serve the hamburgers to the clients, and there wouldn't be any kind of profit at all if it wasn't because of those workers: they are the ones that actually do the transaction, they collect the money in exchange for the hamburgers. You cannot say that one of those workers brings X amount of money to the business: the only thing you can say for sure is that the business has certain expenses (wages and paying for the burgers) and it has some income (the money clients pay). You can then distribute the costs (wages) over different kinds of workers but that's quite arbitrary actually.   I'm sure this is not my best explanation but I hope you get the idea: there would be no profit nor business at all without those serving burgers, so the \"value\" they bring is not that straight forward: they bring the money for the whole company!"
 "Most of the load goes on your legs, which are stronger. The back is used much less. If you lifted with only your back, you will eventually hurt yourself very badly."
 "**[*ENHANCES ENHANCING ENHANCES*]**"
 "Chris Bridges (Ludacris) occupied a bathroom at a store I was helping out at (northwest Atlanta), and his \"bodyguard\" stopped people from entering while he took a shit. Had a dude come up and say that someone was preventing them from using the restroom, so I went to investigate, and the guy just shook his head, said, \"Sorry, boss is inside. He'll only be a couple minutes\". After a few minutes, out he comes, he said, \"Sorry my man, had to drop a mad deuce and I didn't wanna be bothered\".  Wasn't even mad.  Edit: Also, [Lajon regularly shops at my normal store. Really, *really* cool guy (and family). He actually lives around 2-3 miles away from me..which, considering I'm a pretty big fan of Sevendust, I consider to be pretty cool."
 "[Assad Unable To Convince Putin That He Used Chemical Weapons On funnier a couple of months ago, but I think most probably still get it"
 "My son's friend was telling people that I slept with him."
 "How young? Like a young professional fresh out of college or a teenager trying for a part time after school gig to save some cash?"
 "More than one random stranger has told me they love me.  One was mentally impaired, so I just thanked him. Another was drunk, old, and in my fucking face on the Metro. He told me how he always paid for his kids and wanted me to be his next baby's mama. That he loved me like no man ever had and I just had to love him too. I threatened to Mace him, eventually. Then his stop came and he forgot he loved me right quick  Edited because words"
 "blackawks"
 "Do you like to make fake female account's on dating websites?"
 "In Michigan you must always secure your infant in a car seat when the vehicle is in motion...unless you are breast feeding the infant. Then it is ok to have it unsecured.   WTF PULL OVER!"
 "The word \"douche\" followed by any form of transportation. Douchecanoe, doucheyacht, douchehummer, etc."
 "Thank you, your honour.      *bows and leaves*"
 "I hope scientists are looking through this thread."
 "Nope, fuck off poor people, I need my porn. "
 "All dry cereal"
 "If you don't mind me asking, why haven't you tried it? "
 "Real name: Facebook  Username: My MuseScore account (I write and transcribe music)"
 "I've gotten hooked too. It's so much fun :-) I think half the fun I had was trying to break into the Major League draft, and I treated it as sort of a meta game. Now I'm practicing just to get better so I don't embarrass myself :-D"
 "Not when they're this small"
 "Think about the low wage jobs migrant workers endure. A lot of this is in food production. Imagine the cost of food if all of those jobs paid $12/hr. Another important thing to remember that being a hard worker doesn't make you a rare find nor does it make you valuable to everyone. Imagine if I put the same kind of thought and effort into a post that some of these other people do but it's still a shitty response. Would I deserve the same amount of up votes?"
 "The Hippocratic oath also says you have to contribute in paying for the training of future doctors. It's pretty selectively followed, so it doesn't hold much weight. I do agree with you."
 "When he decides it's bedtime, my cat will sit in the middle if the room and wait for me.   Then after I get in bed (a loft), he'll climb up the ladder and crawl right up to me and sleep. "
 "Some of these states are states that can fire you for any reason they deem fit, no matter who you are.  So saying they can fire you for being gay is like saying they can fire me for being white.  yes, they can. However, there are laws against discrimination while hiring protecting the LGBT community.    Here is an example: It is the policy of the state to prohibit discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, the presence of any mental or physical disability, status with regard to marriage or public assistance, or participation in lawful activity off the employer's premises during nonworking hours which is not in direct conflict with the essential business-related interests of the employer  The important part for LGBT is the \"participation in lawful activity\" it does specifically state LGBT, but it is implied. This is for hiring. for firing, anyone can be fired for any reason they deem legit."
 "To not trust."
 "I know that we're supposed to ridicule Asians here on Reddit, but being able to have your way with a bowl of noodles, *for breakfast*, in a random hawker in Asia somwhere, without fear of judgement, is freedom."
 "Cool. Now does that actually exist or did you imagine it? Because I don't see any evidence here."
 "When I was used to clean out a woman's vagina. "
 "Or how about we don't hate on anyone based on what sort of pants they wanna wear or what sorta music they listen to?"
 "The responses to this comment indicate that a lot of ~~Americans~~ people are unaware of the difference between a roundabout and a traffic "The don't retract anything at the moment though, they say 'charged with..' though the public reads 'convicted of...'."
 "Heh, Cock"
 "Cut off your feet, pussy."
 "I'm light-skinned, but I'm half black. My Great Aunt, who's black, was having her 80th birthday party, I helped coordinator it.  As I walked through the front doors of the venue, two black men block my entrance: \"Get the fuck out of here boy, this is a private event.\" My Great Aunt overheard  the comment and went after them with her cane  \"...and never come to one of my parties again wearing short pants!\"  "
 "Fry's Electronics is a big chain in the San Francisco Bay Area, and while they've moved away from it now, they initially sold all sorts of grocery and dry goods.  They still have some odd things for an \"electronics\" store.  "
 "Faarrk oofff ya curry cunt! Go back to fixin' me computa! Oi, where's Shazza with me beer? Dumb mole is probably givin' Bazza a blowie in the ute! Waaallttzing Matiiillldaaaa!"
 "Tokio Hotel..."
 "clen tren eat hard"
 "Be a mega rock star knowing just three chords "
 "*Manure* friend must be pissed!"
 "Were any of your previous skills valued there? How'd you get the job, what'd you major in? I'm still in school."
 "That is what yoga pants are for. Yoga pants are pants, leggings are not... Just to be sure though, girls should ask a guy if their butt looks good enough to wear them first. If it's a yes, I suppose leggings as pants would be okay. Two wins for the price of one."
 "light-heartedness and an inability to take things seriously"
 "I got super good with those things. Then I posted my skills on youtube and everyone disliked the video. I got discouraged and took it down.   Edit: I may still have the video y'all. I'll see if I can find it and reupload it."
 "So this trend will continue with the mechanisation and offshore outsourcing of labour. Does that mean we just keep going until market forces are allowing people to starve and the labour pool is reduced to the point where there is some kind of upward pressure on wages? Or our social structures start to crumble to a point where they match those of Bangladesh and thus people are able to live at a much more primitive level and are thus able to accept lower wages? Or we can funnel the profits of companies through the inefficiencies of government and have food stamps and other welfare to supplement sub-living standard wages.  Market forces aren't a law of nature, they are artificial. There is nothing inherently 'right' about them. Sometimes they need to be regulated to produce what we want."
 "No study can accurately estimate which potential employers opted to never enter the market because minimum wage was too high, nor can it predict which employers opted not to expand their workforce that would have if the wage were lower.   The simple fact is that a wage increase has to be paid for somewhere. Less hirings? Fewer raises down the road? Reduced benefits package? Less expansion? Higher prices for consumers? The hope by most pro-wage increase viewpoints is that it's simply paid for by lower profits for the upper class. Reality isn't that simple though.  Just because there's no visible increase in unemployment doesn't mean there aren't still negative consequences. "
 "Sign up for one. "
 "My cat stands up when she wants food. Like she knows where we keep the food (on the window ledge in the bathroom) and runs in, jumps onto the toilet and stands up trying to hit the food. Its so cute, but everytime you walk past the bathroom she runs in and sits on the toilet. Hilarious."
 "They're fairly common. However some places like adding [more roundabouts to your   "
 "Instead of telling them they're a shit cunt, tell them (and demonstrate!) how they could not be a shit cunt. There's more than one way to fix a problem, so try to find the constructive ones.  Source: working for a telco requires a lot of creative maneuvering to get a yelling customer to be a happy one when you don't have any options."
 "you're a creep"
 "Watching Jesse Pinkman's captors shoot Andrea...fuck!"
 "Oh i did not know of this, now i feel bad for all the times i sneezed in my hands and wiped my hands on my pants and moments later i shake someone's hand"
 "Can here to say just that. If a girl lights up she could go from a ten to a five just like that."
 "Honeynut Cheerios"
 "Azeroth"
 "Live in sweden but its ok man. ;) thanks for giving a hand tho"
 "Does he unleash a torrent of swears when he does that?"
 "Less sensitive pain receptors in the feet. Stubbed toes and Lego traps will be way less horrible. "
 "I have you tagged as \"some dude who needs friends\" so Im guessing things are going well for you"
 "Mountain Dew and water at work. :("
 "what's the difference? i've never heard of all bran"
 "When a lady was trying to insert me into her, I just wouldn't fit."
 "Are you from heaven because I have an erection? "
 "Enjoy staring at a vag.  I'm a guy and I ain't gay but vaginas are funky.  Boobs are divine though. "
 "You have addressed many of the issues related to raising the minimum wage, except one.  When the minimum wage is raised via legislation, all labor related costs associated with the product/service being sold have increased.  These increases are reflected in higher prices, which means that within a reasonable period of time, the 'new' minimum wage is no longer as valuable as it was.  "
 "Well, 'puta' is Spanish, but I believe it means \"bitch\" rather than \"fucker\"."
 "Do you really hate your worst enemy enough to waste a legitimate wish? I mean, there will always be enemies, but wishes are rare events. I'd just wish for happiness, because what do enemies matter once you're happy?"
 "Man I bunch I'll probably keep doing it too. We got those stupid  animal bracelets. I still remember heelies.  Skinny jeans. The website FML. But I refuse to use hash tags on Fb or any other place where there not neccesary, like regular conversation. "
 "Not exactly during labor, but 15 minutes after 20+ hours of unmedicated* labor and delivery of our 8lb son my fiance asked me if we could start trying for another in nine weeks.   It's been 10 years and our son is still an only child.  *by unmedicated I mean that I was given staydol once, while in the beginning stages of labor. I delivered with no meds. "
 "I'm terribly sorry, I hope you're doing ok! "
 "They wouldn't be in my shower?"
 "sorry for the miscommunication, but it was from disgust, not disagreement"
 "That's why a person with a minimum wage job would want to refrain from buying a house. 15k a year is very livable, but don't expect to buy a house on that."
 "Oh absolutely. With the advancement of AI, we are entering an era where we are going to have to completely rethink the ideas of working and wages."
 "I think what he was saying is that they'd be inside of his body, so that you can't hit them at all."
 "Better system of reproduction for women. It is absolutely awful even before children are a serious thought. "
 "On your second point, just raising everybody's resting metabolism would be excellent. The way I eat I'm not gaining, so if I processed food a little more efficiently, I would start steadily losing weight, and I'm at the low end of the spectrum.  On the downside, athletic folks would need to eat a lot more to keep their energy up, so food shortages might become more of an issue than they already are.  ... Shit, I fucked this up. "
 "The wave broke on his balls."
 "Yes"
 "My cat does a loud chirrup whenever she is surprised or is greeting you. Freakin adorable"
 "Long fingernails on dudes. HOW do you overlook this!? "
 "Jerkity jerk jerk jerk"
 "Reddit!"
 "Only really luxury items, games, electronics etc. However buying online stops the price increases."
 "Well, I actually sneeze straight to the floor.  I squat down as closely as I can and aim it between my feet."
 "I swear, I always look forward to reading your comments. They're like delicious little short story chocolate chips sprinkled throughout my daily reddit experience cookie."
 "yes but those are different products, a better quality car is different than a low quality car. If two cars are of the same quality you will always buy the cheaper car."
 "In that case, no."
 "The answer is classism."
 "To paraphrase more than one article that has recently appeared in \"The Economist\": The scary thing is that the only superpower who's officials are thinking along decades long timelines is China."
 "Don't go on a diet.  Make a complete life style change.  If you diet, you will gain all the weight back as soon as you go off it.  If you change your life style, it will be much easier to keep the pounds off.  I am not saying to starve yourself.  But eat healthy, drink water over beer or soda.  You would be surprised how much just cutting soda from your diet can help.  People don't realize it is more about what you drink than what you eat.    Cutting down on portion sizes also helps a lot.  You can eat the same crap you always did, just eat less of it.  Even people who eat healthy can have problems with losing weight if they have large portions.  You should be able to fit your whole meal on a 8 in plate.  Also, EAT SNACKS!  People always say to cut snacking from your diet to lose weight, but they can be helpful.  Having a snack in between meals can help satiate a strong appetite that can cause you to over eat at your next meal.  If you go into a meal extremely hungry, you may eat far more than you need.  Eating a small snack can help prevent you from going in for seconds or thirds and help you keep your eating under control.  Also try to be more active.  Ride a bike instead of drive.  Run around with your dog outside instead of playing tug of war inside (if you have a dog that is).  Pick up a hobby like basketball, or if you can't find enough people to fill a game, try to find a disk golf course (or something similar).  It is a nice walk as well as a fun sport.    Over all, being in shape isn't hard or \"impossible\" for some people.  It is just about living the proper life style and keeping with it.  Edit:  Changed some stuff about snacking after I was corrected on some science of the body."
 "He's not your brother, friend."
 "That footage of the kid walking his dog, puts the lead down, walks through a puddle a couple times, then picks up the lead of the patiently waiting dog  continues walking.  Love that  Found link: "\"i am not a gun\""
 "Here, let me pull off your dick so you can pay for Adam.   "
 "Most women I know don't, but some particularly large-breasted women will sleep with sports bras, claiming that it hurts if they don't."
 "I'm going to chew the rest of my can of chew tonight and buy another tomorrow. "
 "Fuck that noise, I just want a jinchuriki living inside me. "
 "I reckon Turtles. Those guys get old, they must see a lot. "
 "Depends on the country though, in left driving countries you stand on the left (at least in Singapore and Australia...)"
 "Resolve to not get mad.  Straight up, so many days are ruined getting mad or upset over trivial stuff.  You (hopefully and most likely) have a reasonable quality of health, you aren't homeless (you have access to Reddit after all), and you aren't in a warzone or under the thumb of a tyrant dictator.  Your mood really depends on mindset, so just grin and carry on being happy.  Don't brood on anything negative, but put your mind somewhere positive and resolve to just be happy.  It will change your life."
 "You're thinking of AFTER the power comes back on but before the control computer is back operational. It blows my mind how many people when approaching a 4 way intersection with NO lights operational just blow through. "
 "It does if they're in your child's shower/bathroom."
 "Seconded on the kidney thing  Sincerely, a person who was born with only one. "
 "All the books, I mean. The last chapters of the last book makes your head spin. I'm still so so lost."
 "Wow.  You're a good kid.  You don't see too many 13-year-olds that would do that."
 "Your mom"
 "Um, ok. Twat."
 "For people who didn't know this before reading it, it's pretty much true.  However, certain cuts made with certain knives are still best with a finger on top of the blade.  There are a lot of techniques and lot of different knives.  Pinch grip is only best most of the time."
 "Your mother was a hamster, and your father smelt of elderberries."
 "Ohhhhhh"
 "Been given gold on Reddit."
 "No. There are people there that are genuinely trying to find happiness and are doing no harm to others. Don't ruin them. Don't be a dick."
 "Emperor Kuzco. Because he is factually the best Disney Princess ever. "
 "C++"
 "When performing oral sex to my girlfriend and she wants me to talk to her at the same time... WTF?"
 "I'd like to build on this; I've never seen pot in person, either."
 "It's a reference."
 "actually tyrions dreams since being a boy is dragons i bet hed be happy to die after seeing them in action. "
 "Nothing that large should be able to fly. "Be bold I think."
 "Now that's how you impress a bird. "
 "Yo that's fucked up. My pledging wasn't that demeaning. "
 "That there is a lot of independence in college, but I can actually, kind of do it. I'm slowly becoming an adult and I'm not doing it too badly. "
 "More devastating, though less dramatic than Hiroshima."
 "Where could one find a class like that? Thanks in advance."
 "I've never been on TV but I've been interviewed on the radio.  It was terrifying."
 "I have no problem with someone making good money if they *actually* contribute to the fundraising, but Reddit often seems bifurcate the issue into a totally false binary: either the CEOs deserve to make high six figures, or they should make absolutely nothing. If the CEO is making high six-figures, his salary is actively detracting from charity, and he's far worse than the CEOs at a large hedgefund making the same amount because he's operating under the guise of good will and charity.   There's a middle ground, and it's NOT pay him 20 times what the lowest paid worker is making. Yes, some of us will be upset no matter how much the CEO makes. But that's not an argument for keeping his salary at an immorally high number. "
 "Clean up after your dog when it shits in my lawn. "
 "Telling stories. "
 "We carry ooooooooon!"
 "Apparently he just kept trying to move to other rooms to fuck this chick while his girl followed him, too."
 "Vaginas are funky, but I don't mind them ;] "
 "Obviously. I know if I ever saw a traffic light flashing yellow I'd know to keep driving and not just think \"wait, wtf?\""
 "Finding more aliens form other universes. "
 "Of course!  The \"internet\" can exist is in many different forms, but poverty is definite."
 "No shame in that, start the Year as you mean to go on."
 "Half glass empty kinda guy are you?"
 "Damn. That is unfortunate. "
 "To girls, when swimming in the ocean, does salt water hurt!"
 "whats recommended?    Sometimes this is in about 30 min other times this is in about 4 hours.  This. It's infuriating.  "
 "I think if you write native code( C++), you may be able to disable it. You might be able to do it in C#, but I am not 100% sure and I am a bit lazy to open up Google, then search for Google, and proceed to Google this. "
 "My cat is deathly afraid of stockings. He also has an obsession of sticking his face in people's boots. Even if there's still a foot in them. "
 "Long term/ short term memory upgrades. Recalling memories from whenever."
 "That I had dropped out of high school to become a stripper. "
 "Your post made me cry.   I understand exactly where you are and where you've been.   I am so so sorry this happened to you.   All the very best for a bright and happy future. "
 "I came from a richer family than those folks, and between the genetic lottery of intelligence, good parents and good teachers (starting at pre-school and going up through an excellent public high school in my well funded county), I did very well at school. None of that makes me objectively better than those people. My skill-set is in demand by the market so I'm certainly happy that I make good money doing my job and I'm not advocating a full redistribution of wealth, but those folks are McDonald's work hard and do something useful, why shouldn't they make enough to live on? B/c they were unlucky and/or made poor career choices early in life?"
 "Best Man at my best friend's wedding."
 "hahahahahahahahahahahaha"
 "Learning from mistakes, learning to interact with the world properly, learning how to do things. We attribute these things to tacit knowledge rather than memorization of hard facts. Although I did misread your post and I guess I agree with your general point, because learning requires a certain kind of intelligence. I don't think the original \"lack of intelligence\" comment was referring to that kind, though."
 "I was at a bar and this chick was desperately trying to kiss me but she had dog breath.  It was so rancid that it made me flinch everytime she came too close.  Got too drunk. We made out. I have regrets."
 "That is the ultimate douchebag move... I like it :)"
 "Childbirth (without some sort of evaluation)"
 "I have this sweater with a big ass shark head on it, and honest to god that shark sweater is a pussy magnet.  I've gotten laid more than once due 100% to the shark.  I mean it's not like the girl is like nice shark wanna fuck, but it's always been a conversation starter that gets me in with a random cute girl at the bar (not me being like \"ho ho ho like my shark?!\" but more like the girl pointing across the bar \"omg I like your shark!\" and I saunter over all smooth-like), and I guess it's just so ridiculous that they get their guard down, then I just be my semi-charming self and go from there and it works out.  And honestly it's pretty expensive so I'll name drop the brand if I feel like it will get me points (normally does), probably makes me an asshole but doesn't matter;had sex."
 "I don't believe in poverty "
 "Good work being professional everyone. "
 "It means to keep your back vertical, whilst you bend your legs to pick up the object and then straighten your legs to lift (ie you are using the muscles in your legs for the lift)"
 "Americans, please stand on the left if you're in Australia. "
 "I'm with you on 'The Golden Girls'.   I could never get into 'Seinfeld' though."
 "\"so of course I tailgated him, like really close.\"  That's not the same as \"I tailgated him at the minimum safe distance to drive, and still be defined as tailgating\".  And we haven't even gotten into your idiotic need to use the word \"like\" in the sentence.  You're a valley girl, car salesman. I guess now I know where all your rage comes from.  As much fun as this circle jerk is, I'm going to get off the merry-go-round now.  Like totally have fun selling those cars, bromigo."
 "\"Gay marriage will be legal in Utah"
 "even the NYPD can't handle the last 3 rules"
 "An actual turn off of mine is people who get upset at small grammar and spelling mistakes.  Who cares, not everything is written for publishing, if you figured it out with minimal effort then there isn't really a problem."
 "As someone on a migraine preventative because I got them so bad I'd throw up, get dizzy, pass out and miss work or school when I was a kid, I know what a true migraine is. It irks me to hear someone out shopping be like \"Oh em gee Becky, I've got a total migraine right now\". No, you do not."
 "10 years in prison and a $10,000 dollar fine, and that's not counting the other charges that will be tacked on. "
 "Its alot harder for guys"
 "Don't go to Reddit. "
 "do you know ways to? or pretty much just drop by one and ask for help"
 "Sorry for your loss, I am pretty sure they would want you to carry on."
 "Apparently in highschool, I pushed someone in a wheelchair off a cliff. "
 "Left over roast-beef?  Make some damn fine sandwiches for the rest of the week."
 "\"Ooh baby, I'm turned on by the fact that weird shit turns you on. So hot.\""
 "Are you trying to singlehandedly ruin blowjobs?"
 "The first time was when my boat pulled in early (Navy), the second was when she bought a truck we couldn't afford ( she admitted she did it to sleep with the salesman), the third ( glutton for punishment) was when my landlady caught her kissing \"a friend\" and called me. Finally I got divorced. Best day of my life was when I found out she was homeless."
 "/r/depression"
 "That's what I'm saying. If the economy is healthy there are more jobs because more people are buying. A higher minimum wage puts more money in the pockets of the general public instead of in the pockets of the top 1% of society. The lower classes are more likely to spend that money in a way that's \"useful\" to the economy."
 "I don't want my anus anymore. "
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "I'm sure that person is probably busy and will respond to it when he/she sees it.  Don't start thinking that person dislikes you :)."
 "When my mom gets in a roundabout she gets confused and just stops the car. its not that complicated, keep going in a circle until you get to the road you want to take, then go on it."
 "In the early eighties I worked in the same building with a guy (whom I barely knew) at ATT who was severely berated by a much hated mid-level manager in front of his peers. He could really do nothing about it and she (the berater/insulter) was a high enough level that she got away with it. She was lifeless, smart and a hard worker but lived to destroy other people. It ruined his possibility for any kind of career there.   What he did about it was epic. (he later told another co-worker all about it.) He went to the market and bought a large codfish, the fresh/not frozen kind with eyes and all. He brought it home and let if sit in his garage for a few days so it could get really ripe with stink.  Then he brought his blender out to the garage and turned it into a thick mush. This, after letting it sit in his warm garage a few more days he poured into a large 7-11 paper coffee cup and put the lid on.  This stinking fish stew he brought to work. God, I wish I was there. He walked into her morning meeting a said \"I quit.\" and dumped the stinking fish slop on her, then walked out, having cleared out his desk the day before.  Her embarrassment was far too strong to do anything that wouldn't humiliate her further to her superiors, and she became the laughing stock of the building."
 "Let it go."
 "That has nothing to do with the point I made 2 months ago."
 "Burritos. "
 "A guy got in line behind me at the grocery store and started shouting at me to hurry up as I checked out, screaming: \"let's go, let's go, time is money!\". I stopped completely and told him, \"yeah, well, silence is golden, so it sounds like you'd be better off if you shut your face.\"  And that was pretty satisfying. "
 "when I'm watching any sport I'll imagine that I'm the quarterback or the point guard or the guy at bat, and then I'll stand up, close my eyes and imagine my self hitting a game winning buzzer beater, throwing a game winning touchdown or hitting a world series grand slam, Followed by post game interviews and usually winning an award or getting stormed by the fans on the court. This will go on for like 5-10 minutes. I obviously only do it when I'm alone. DON'T JUDGE ME."
 "Daycare is a mug, we live in the sticks. My wife got registered through the county and she's pulling in more than I do working 40+ hours a week. It's 300 and change weekly per kid 7-5."
 "I seem to have come over a strange case of amnesia and can't remember where I live, so can I just go home with you?"
 "Uh oh. "
 "That my boyfriend was a born again christian and I was planning on converting. We barely have born again christians in my country. No idea where it came from."
 "Yea, as if promiscuity is supposed to be practice for remaining faithful after you reach some magically elusive cut off age and meet that perfect someone."
 "Another straight male here.  Putting shit up my arse just feels like something is there that shouldn't.  "
 "That is the greatest backhanded compliment I have ever read."
 "Learn how to write a succinct, humble-braggy cover letter and edit the living shit out of your resume. You have 3 tiny-ass paragraphs to explain why you're a hard worker, and then 1 tiny list of buzz phrases on another piece of paper to show you know the vocabulary of the field you're trying to work in."
 "If they're right for you, the 'showing affection' part will be effortless. It won't be something you think about, it'll be something you can't help. They may bring out a side of you weren't able to express or didn't even know you had. Uncharted territory can be scary, but when you realize one day that that person always brightens your day, can make you smile or laugh no matter what, when just thinking about them makes you smile, its all worth it. "
 "Your tits"
 "This has to be the best answer here. I was thinking of learning other languages until you said this."
 "You do realize my foursome's tee time is in two hours?   I'm going across the street for a beer, can I get you anything?"
 "Any body piercing (especially on bellybuttons). I don't know why but its extremely off-putting. "
 "I think it is telling that I actually wondered whether and how much I should be doubting the reports on that site...  Time for ?"
 "No, I meant *swoons*"
 "My friend found a butterfly vibrator while cleaning my aunts house when we were nine. We thought it was a toy until my mom took it away."
 "No, I don't think it's all caused by Obamacare.  I think it's probably a combination of things.  Not being in fast food management, I don't really know.  I worked fast food between 1985 and 1990.  Back then we could work as many hours as we wanted as long as we didn't go into overtime.  Not sure why or when that changed, but I definitely think Obamacare has made the situation worse.  Bottom line is that we should be providing businesses incentives to hire full time workers and provide them health insurance.  Obamacare pretty much does the opposite.  "
 "I work in retail, and I've seen this very type of thing happen. "
 "I agree to some degree.  There is this enormous encrustation of laws at all levels, where sometimes we just need new and clear laws to supersede.  Lets start with amendments giving term limits to congressmen and senators, restricting bills to a single topic, removing money from politics and declaring corporations distinctly not people."
 "Using mirrors on a car in such a way that you create a blind spot."
 "Or saying \"seen\" instead of \"saw\". \"I seen so and so the other day\". Drive's me up the wall.."
 "It's also written on pretty much every escalator on the London underground  "If it fits I sits"
 "One of my favorite things about this article is the [Yelp that people posted for the Abortionplex. :):)"
 "I lumped it in, it falls under alt medicine and bullshit.  Also these people aren't Chiropractors.  They are people that can't get chiropractors licenses.   So they're technically even worse...  But at least a Chiropractor would of at least X-rayed my neck and actually have to be licensed before they can practice.  These guys get a some weekend seminar than go out and yank on your neck to \"cure your bodies stress\""
 "Even more hand holding."
 "Have a job, Great speaker, Plan in life, Well dressed, Car, No drinking No drugs and no weird ornaments hanging from your face/ head. If your a younger fellow obviously you cant have all of these but you should have some. Be straight and to the point in your conversations These are the traits I hope for as my daughter is 10 and 2 and eventually I will meet this fate :)"
 "When I came into this thread intent on answering with a somewhat witty pun-related quip only to find the thread full of nothing but the sort."
 "What is the worst thing to happen to you this year?  Edit: word"
 "People who use the words \"hubby\" and \"wifey.\""
 "Tons of success."
 "This is adhd "
 "Nah i want to be kakashi"
 "oh yeah, that has to be my 2nd favourite"
 "Your argument is very well put, yet some how it fails to bring me to your point of view. "
 "No raisins are in it and the bran is not in flakes. It's really healthy. If you put honey on it, it will be sweet."
 "Which would be a big problem if I were a journalist, confusing the masses, but I'm just a dude on reddit, and fortunately you're smart enough to figure out what I'm talking about."
 "That is an interesting one. I hadn't expected this one. It's weird when you read about it, but I am personally happy to have mine cut. Are there some that wish they had the choice?"
 "Been to a church service. Just never was an issue growing up."
 "If only I could hate you as much as you do.\rOr\rI can honestly see why your parents got a divorce, I would too if you were my child! "
 "Username appropriate"
 "That's what reverse is for. "
 "You're face resembles a small dead animal I ran over. "
 "Geenie. Nearly unlimited power"
 "Getting out of your comfort zone is the point. "
 "I'm prefacing this with the fact that I am NOT married, but I know a lot about cooking and have gone to a billion wedding showers. I have to second the Kitchenaid stand mixer, but I'd add that you need the bowl with the handle. It makes life much easier. Also, ask for *tons* of Pyrex casserole dishes. You'll use them, take it somewhere and never get it back. Also, ask for nice china. It's the only time you'll be able to get whatever you ask for, so take advantage of it!"
 "If you want to kill your self jump off my I.Q"
 "Oh, don't get me wrong, I would *never* defend the parents of those kids. Anyone who forces the rest of us to deal with their kids because they can't or won't is a first class asshole. I also don't fault the non-parents who don't notice the quiet ones, either.  I'm just trying to point out that things haven't really changed, that kids aren't any worse than they've ever been. I notice all of the kids who are around because I'm a parent myself (and for the record, my kids have *never* been the little hellions you've noticed). "
 "I'm reading your comment in \"Comic Book Guy's\" voice right now.   Edit: *In my head. "
 "Hey man quit making all the Spencers look bad!"
 "Domestic abuse gets immediate denial as well."
 "Apostrophe's "
 "My female Pit Bull likes watching nature shows on TV. My male Pit doesn't give a shit. "
 "unzips pants..."
 "He basically said they were on fire, in other words."
 "Same, new country I don't know many people. "
 " Lots of rich white kids on Reddit today, obvs.  Yeah, about that...they are actually the majority of reddit, dumbass."
 "well, it IS a toy lol"
 "Snapchat."
 "Don't mention the words \"random\" or \"spork\""
 " Plowing the Dark  Which is, funnily enough, what he ended up not getting to do anymore."
 "They cancel out the pill, but not the implant or the injection; however if you aren't sure always ask the doctor prescribing you the anti biotics! "
 "\"I'll move to Paris, shoot some heroine, and fuck with the stars.  You man the islands and the cocaine and the elegant cars\"  I mean... Islands and cars are nice but.... "
 "just slowing down and stopping to talk to someone in the middle of a crowded hallway. people are behind you, you know."
 "Fuck, I'm a musician... I'm really fucking good at math and I'm nice!"
 "Hey, a fellow Ohioan! I'm from Cleveland."
 "I was at Epcot Center, Disneyworld during the fireworks and I was taking timed exposures of the firework display.  This assclown next to me starts with the flash camera.  I said to him, you know all you're going to get is maybe some lit up smoke.  He wouldn't hear it.  Fortunately, we were far enough away that my film didn't pick up any part of his flash, and he most likely ended up with a lot pictures of blackness."
 "I am a 16 year old male, I have a question on this.  Is the vagina basically in the empty space that men have between their ass crack and their balls?"
 " companies would not be able to afford more employees.  What if everyone making more than 100k took a 5% pay cut?"
 "My liquid diet consists of water, coffee and alcohol."
 "My family thought I spoke Vietnamese because I was dating a woman from there.  We live in the USA.  They somehow didn't think she spoke the English.  "
 "Every one knows it's totally the D."
 "Thank you that was a sincere response and I appreciate it greatly. I will remember that and happy new year by the way."
 "Hey god, can I get something to manual empty clogged sinus? "
 "When he suggested the idea nobody knew what they were letting themselves in for.  I assumed it would just be slightly risque, not full on sex."
 "Don't act cool. Just be a normal respectful person.... And bring enough alcohol to make me forget about your existence. "
 "Start masturbating with your left hand."
 "upvoted for precient knowledge."
 "I really should give up drinking too so my night will end up about the same sans the wine."
 "."
 "Unfortunately, that's the reason why I stopped going to rave parties. I don't do drugs, but most of the people who went with me did and still do. I had no guts to see them tripping balls, most of times not even knowing who they were or where they were. "
 "Oh man! He needed some aloe vera for that burn."
 "This."
 "Cancer sucks."
 "My dad is Filipino but I never learned tagalog but I can sort of understand most of what people are saying. Also in the US there's usually some English mixed in. "
 "Well I can't say much about the possible times I didn't notice, because I didn't notice. If I'm looking at someone and he looks elsewhere then obviously I'm going to know. So yeah, if you got eye contact or you know she's looking at your face, she will see where your eyes go.  I don't tend to be offended but I may get self conscious. I will notice quick glances vs not so quick glances. There was a guy at work who would literally just stare at my chest whenever we walked past each other, it was ridiculous.   Quick glances don't offend me but staring is rude and uncomfortable. I'm not a piece of meat put here for your viewing pleasure. A lot of guys that stare are downright intimidating because they are usually bigger than you and already breaking one social norm with that staring. I guess this line is pointless because those men don't care about my comfort anyway.  I don't know if every guy does it. I have had lots of conversation with lots of guys I've never caught out. My husband is a master of not letting me catch his sneaky glances at me or other women but I know it happens (he admitted it and sometimes I notice).   Honestly, if someone takes the care to be discreet it shows a certain level of respect and is much less likely to be offensive or intrusive. If we're talking and have eye contact though, that wouldn't be a very discreet time to do it."
 "Along those lines, \"Cut my wrists and black my eyes, so I can fall asleep tonight, or die.\" - Hawthorne Heights."
 "nibble my earlobe and I turn into your personal play-doh"
 "I'm more of an ahh ahh ahh girl myself "
 "\"For as long as I have a face, you'll always have somewhere to sit!\""
 "Japanese because why the fuck not? "
 "greed and self righteousness, thats what happened"
 "*Fuck* aquariums. I had to maintain a big-ass aquaurium overstocked with fish as part of a project during a biological engineering design class. We researched the ever living shit out of what they needed (correct depth and type of gravel/sand to promote the growth of the bacteria needed to complete the oxygen cycle, oxygen demands of the fish, saturation concentration of O2 at the given temp, O2 production rate of various plants we put in, approximate ammonia production rate of the fish, approximate filtering rate of our filter, etc. etc.) Little fuckers still died. FISH DON'T WANT TO LIVE. Although honestly most of it was due to our pump hose breaking and pumping all our fucking water out over night. "
 "Funny story. I put chewing gum into my sister's hair once and that shit stuck to her for days. It was hard to get the gum out without pulling strands of her hair out. It couldn't be washed. I forgot how they fixed it in the end.  Needless to say I was a cunt when I was 10."
 "Not too easy nor cheap to get into, though.  I live very close to the rocky mountains, but for others it isn't so great."
 "Been there and done that"
 "Then you need to inform her therapist so that he can take the proper precautions to prevent her from hurting herself while you prepare for divorce."
 "What kind of advice are you looking for?  Have you at least *tried* /r/depression?"
 "Man with hole in pocket feel cocky all day."
 "YEAH, it makes me so FUSTRATED."
 "How you doin' ;) "
 "SO MUCH better than mine. "
 "Stop reading my stone!"
 "Source?"
 "My go-to sign: I'm breathing.  But, I guess, if I'm particularly horny: I'll probably be a lot more cuddly/kissy.  ETA: But it's a fine line. Sometimes I'm cuddly because I want cuddles."
 "You are fat and no one likes you, go away. "
 "Commenting to save. Thanks!"
 "Opening the blinds. I've met people getting a MD who can't open the blinds. It's sad and funny. "
 "Depends on the numbers.  If you have a HUGE charity, do you really think there isn't *someone* around who can't do the job for a fraction the price?  Why is it tens of millions or nothing with exec pay?"
 "did not know this either, thanks"
 "You're danger to society and an arsonist. You're under arrest."
 "Gestation. "
 "There is no good reason to send a human child into the US public school system..."
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "...*kinda*"
 "Good description.  Also, it really can save a lot more than paying the highest interest one first.  The trick to this though is to stop adding more debt to your life while paying off the debt you currently have."
 "Yep!   And screw those who say different....I mean listen to their opinions and then agree with me."
 "Crave? Always.  Have? Not in a year."
 "If I didn't realize it was the sort of restaurant were you were supposed to tip or if I can't figure out how to do it without being incredibly awkward about it. "
 "its reddit gold!"
 "What I want explained is how they got away with destroying a spaceship the size of a small moon in Earth orbit and not have it crash and destroy all life as we know it. Maybe I missed something."
 "FYou're saying that the person who serves your food should live in a shitty apartment, with no kids, driving a shitty car, eating $38 of food per week.  You're either young and stupid or an asshole \"republican\" who buys into this crap. Your last sentence assures me of (b) because you like the idea of belittling those beneath you."
 "She gave me the Clap after we'd been together for 4 years. "
 "ya....that's what I was afraid of.   "
 "Any mission where I have to make sure the weakest, stupidest AI character ever conceived doesn't die. "
 "Everyone has unexplainable experiences. That doesn't matter. What does matter is that events have known explanations that are better, more plausible stories than the ones that true believers tell themselves about seemingly paranormal events. That's what being a 'skeptic' means: Fitting the best hypothesis available to the data.  TD;LR saw Gary Busey in two different airports on two unrelated occasions and my model of the universe is collapsing"
 "This is funny because my husband never fails to kiss me after going down on me.  But I can't get a peck from him after giving him a blowjob.  For the first part I really don't care unless his whole mouth area is covered in me and his own spit, and that just because of the wetness."
 "Your post has been removed as it violated [Rule 1 in our of either:  * **Your own answer to the question goes in the comments as a reply to your own post.  Your post will not be approved unless your own answer is removed from the text box.**  * **You must post a clear and direct question, and only the question, in your title**  Use the text box to explain your question if necessary (adding context or conditions), but do not use it to share your answer. As the submitter, your answer or story goes in the comments section as a reply to the post. This is to allow for users to distinguish between the question being asked, and the submitter's answer, when voting.  Please note - once posted, the titles cannot be edited.  [**When you've removed your answer from the textbox, message the mods for review and and ask the moderators to re-approve it.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Headlights- Eminem"
 "The TI-84+SE. I'd be surprised if anyone knows more about it than I do. "
 "Eric from the Little Mermaid because id get to do the Little Mermaid "
 "You know those shoe covers maintenance people wear so they don't get your house floors dirty?  Something like that."
 "Well, I think that's reasonable. If I had cluster headaches I wouldn't want to explain the difference between cluster headaches and migraines to everyone. Especially during one. "
 "As a long time lover of The Onion, this is my favorite. "
 "Traveling all over the world and getting paid to do it. "
 "Every day, but every other day or three days is reasonable for me. I can compromise."
 "Wings pls"
 "I beat Jak 3 before Jak 2. That's how hard it was."
 "the dog that killed my dog, also maybe the other dog those pricks own... just because."
 "Volunteering"
 " Knowledge and intelligence are very different.  Basically this, it would be incorrect to say that they are very different. They aren't synonymous by any means but one is a sub category of the other."
 "I agree. It is very easy for those in low paying jobs not know anything of the business structure and how they could potentially use that to their advantage."
 "One of those will be impossible "
 "Oh it no doubt is shitty, for anybody involved. It's not quite the same, but I use to work 12 hr shifts as a nurse aide. It was mostly heart wrenching and back breaking work, not too many rays of light in that line of work. Being a caregiver all the time must take everything out of you. "
 "Have: Never.  Crave: Never."
 "A Moskito is an overpowered mosquito you can't understand guys !"
 "Dress smartly. In a suit or something.  Neat hair, nothing over the top. Try and avoid any piercings or tattoos.  Smile, be confident. Prepare for the sort of personality questions they may ask you. 'What are your strengths/weaknesses' sort of thing. If you're trying to put yourself forward, you better know who you actually are."
 "A bookworm, crazy hair, big dreams, quiet. Same, same, same, not that quiet anymore. "
 "Im more scared of the people already on the highway who don't know how merging works. either speed up or slow down or get in the other lane!"
 "/r/BasicIncome "
 "When the acting is bad."
 "Blurred limes...I know you want it."
 "It looks like you failed to ask a question in your title. Double check everything, including punctuation, and try posting again.   * **If you're wanting to tell a story or explain something, please try /r/Self.**  * **If you're needing advice of any kind, try /r/Answers or /r/needadvice**  * **If you're looking for something that has slipped your mind, try /r/TipOfMyTongue.**  Anything else not covered try one of the subreddits mentioned in our sidebar that better suits your needs.  If you need more clarification, or feel this was an error, please contact the mods and provide a link to this post, thanks!   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "Huhihuh.... It's not about the flaws, it's about the message it sends. Yes I'll go with that. "
 "do you just store things in your vagina sometimes? like a wallet in a ziploc bag or something?"
 "Girl you must be Hepatatis C because I GOTCHU"
 "I fully expect this to get buried under the thousands of other comments.  The exact opposite of what you described applies to me.  I spent 16 years of my adult life working in corporate America. I made better than average money doing anything from paralegal work to Network IT work. I was the prototypical image of that environment when I was in it.   At one point in time I made 25.00 an hour. Not the highest pay rate, but better than a large majority make.   The thing is this. I hated my life. I hated my job. I could not stand the people I worked with, or for. For a long time I had convinced myself that the money justified the misery.   I pissed away so much money on worthless crap trying to fill the gap left by my unhappiness. In the end I had nothing to show for it and I still hated my life.  I know this sounds like some cheesy, self help, infomercial nonsense, but it was my life and I had to do something to change it.   When I reached a point where I no longer cared what happened I straight up quit. I didn't crap on my boss's desk, or yell F you to anyone. Nothing that dramatic. I just told them I was done and stopped showing up.  It was scary for about ten minutes. Then it was elation. It was a great weight being lifted off of my shoulders. I was now free to pursue any career I wanted.  No more cubicles!   I had dreamed of a trade skill job. Something creative that allowed me to work with my hands. I settled on leather working. It was a discipline I knew next to nothing about, but I was enthusiastic to learn.   I took a minimum wage paying job in a leather shop and for once the money just didn't matter. Of course I still had bills piling up, and had to make a lot of sacrifices to stay afloat, but not once was there ever any regret, because I needed the change. My previous life did not work for me. So I simplified.   I put my head down and jumped in both feet first into learning everything I could about the craft. I never gave a single thought to where I was going with it. It didn't matter. I was finally in an environment that I understood. I was finally creating something useful.   The first thing I ever made was a crappy leather case with bad stitching for a portable Nintendo system. I still have it and use it, because it's a humbling reminder of how far I've come.   I still work for that same leather shop. I still make minimum wage. Sure I don't have a big house, fancy car, or the other luxuries I had grown accustomed to. I don't miss any of it.   I have since made a pretty good supplemental income selling leather cases and things on the side. That keeps me afloat and happy.   Some things of note you might find interesting.  1. I never finished college and I currently don't hold a degree. A little bit of charisma and a lot of ass kissing will land you 25.00 an hour job regardless of your education.   2. I got my first high paying tech job at the age of 17. I knew very little about computers at the time, but I realized my employer knew less than me, so I faked it until I learned enough to do my job correctly.  3. 25.00 an hour today is small fries. 25.00 an hour in the 90's was a big deal for someone with very few bills and no family.    4.  You don't have to get your foot into all the doors. You just have to get your foot in one door and the rest will open on their own. The trick is making sure they can't shut the door, because you are in the way.  5. Most importantly. The pursuit of money will make  you miserable. Pursue happiness and the money will follow.   "
 "As someone who knows next to nothing and is curious in an answer, wouldn't that just speed up inflation drastically, each time the cost of life rises, minimum wage will rise, which will lead to the cost of life rising, which will lead to the minimum wage to raising? "
 "Who gives a shit about the Dixie Chicks? They are not political scientists. Ignore their opinion and move on with your life."
 "My high school Spanish teacher told my uncle I was a satanist. "
 "Might be the nicest compliment I've ever received."
 "i thought i was the only one. #feelthecrunch"
 "Don't mention the safe.  EDIT: oops, sorry."
 "\"HOW'S ABOUT A KNUCKLE SANDWICH!!!\""
 "I caught chlamydia from a bag of chips in Glasgow. I'm inclined to disagree with you there."
 "The online google contacts site has a find and merge duplicates feature to solve this problem. "I don't... think so... maybe, I dunno, I'm not an expert on teeth. Or tongues."
 "I think my story is a bit suitable for this thread, but my brother is super nosy, so when he snooped in my cousin's truck he found a girl's blouse. My brother would not let up on who's it was, until later my cousin said \"it's the girl from my phone\". I nodded as if I knew who, but honestly I forgot. Either way, he never said why it was in their. "
 "How fucking lazy we can be."
 "That's amazing.  I wonder what his profession, or savant-like abilities were. Did you learn anything? "
 "Java"
 "lelelelelele"
 "damn. i never drove up near our air base to see the state of things. i had however headed downtown that morning. i had an interview with DPD, and had called ahead of time to make sure the interview was still on. they confirmed that it was. when i got there 20 minutes late, it was not in fact still on. the only cars on the street seemed to be DPD and FBI. just cop cars and black SUVs everywhere. Never did get that job. DPD went on a hiring freeze almost immediately after. thanks a lot bin laden. "
 "Depends. I am well off enough I don't have to work, and can live quite a bit better than averqge apartment in a big city,  not quite enough that it's super easy for me to travel,  get expensive clothes.   So boring.   It is what you make it, if you manage to get in shape,  do extracurriculars, keep you GPA high, do AP courses, and kick ass on the SATs, it will be better right away. But it can even out if yiu don't by thinking outside of the box.  Your be amazed at the different roads people took to get to where they are, be it engineer,  writer, political staffer, stripper,  teacher or doctor.  There are smart and stupid people everywhere,  and everyone ni matter how smart makes a good number of rock dumb life choices.   Getting your heart broke, is closer to the flu, than your world ending.  You feel bad for a few months, and then it fades off, and you can just remember how much you gave a damn.  You end up liking bitter flavors more, coffee,  olives,  pickles, beer.  Your parents get old, you fall out of touch with old friends,  you meet up,  find all you have in common is the old stories,  and that isn't enough by itself.    Overall it's different,  but not that different. Work instead of school,  more choices,  personally I like it better. "
 "5th grade bully not so tough after getting molested. "
 "Your mom always wished she would have swallowed instead. Buddy!"
 "Student from Baylor who transferred to UH to play basketball gets dunked on during Dr. Bott's chemistry class for interrupting.  Obviously."
 "Hi there, it looks like you're wanting to discuss New Years Eve or something regarding the new year.  We have a megathread for that that we request you participate in instead. [Follow this link to the    **PLEASE NOTE:** We are removing all posts related to this subject for the time being, so as to prevent the sub from becoming dominated by similar questions. We hope you understand. Thanks, and have a Happy New Year.   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "I only mentioned the living with the parents part because outside of having a roommate that would seem like the most likely option. Which went to my point. If someone doesn't have a viable option for a roommate they're fucked. It's great that you and you're husband can make it and learned to budget. But for a single person with no savings who can't find a roommate it doesn't matter how much you budget since rent+bills+food+transportation expenses alone will more than likely be more than a full time minimum wage worker makes. Forget about having a cell phone or cable or internet (which admittedly are luxuries).   I'm not saying that minimum wage should necessarily rise since it would just lead to a general price increase so the companies could counterbalance the extra wages and stay competitive. But it is a shame that in the last 30-40 years we have gone from where a person could get a job right out of high school and realistically support a spouse and eventually a family with it to where a person can't even live an independent life without any luxury spending without having a second person to split bills and rent with."
 "That gets you way too drunk, way too quickly. "
 "First thought? The smell. It's everywhere. The smell is pervasive and impossible to get rid of. It's in your hair and your clothes and everything you're around, like your backpack and your books and whatever the hell else. The smell is the worst. Also, your breath is horrendous. Also, you're doing something that you KNOW is bad for you and causes cancer, among hundreds of other health problems.  That's why for me, at least. It's disgusting. "
 "I was at a mate's, now I'm standing in the pissing rain waiting for a night bus back to north London. Happy new year!"
 "What you are saying is really only relevant in positions that require acquired skills that are not easily replaced. As it goes, working a register at the GameStop and restocking the shelves is a low knowledge position that doesn't require a great deal of experience so why would you hire the more expensive 40 y/o over the 16 y/o? You wouldn't.   Hopefully that newly hired 16 y/o will realize he will eventually be aged out and will spend his time learning valuable job skills. "
 "[Spoilers, sweety] In the Xmas episode the doctor seems physically unable to regenerate, given by how he just gives himself up at the end until the crack to Gallifrey opens and they give him an extra regeneration (or more maybe)."
 "Third that"
 "I can go for 7 months after I get my fix. "
 "raise children  im sure if i do get any replies itll be flames. not saying theres a right way, but there are wrong ways! and feeding your kid only junk food/fast food, and buying them the latest iphone at the age of 5 im sure is NOT right!"
 "Having sex."
 "I don't mean to be rude, but I think we should dump this joke."
 "It means that you just use your arms as a cradle to hold the item and you use your legs (like a squat) to lift the item as to stop any unecasssry damage to ur back"
 "maybe it's hormones or it could be the auld lang syne blues, but your post made me sad.  I wish you much happiness  all the best in 2014!  :)"
 "Good to know. Honestly, didn't see the megathread until after submission. Thanks!"
 "When I won Pokemon by choosing my first pokemon. It was a glitch moment of god like proportion. "
 "I've got no idea what you\"43 talking about I always find it pretty easy if I'm being completely honest.   See? I typed that in like 7 seconds and only made one mistake. Granted, it was fairly hefty, but it still doesn't meant hat you can't touch type. Ok, 2 now. "
 "I like bananas."
 "If you think THAT feels good, you should try Icy hot! ;)"
 "Cheese curds"
 "I feel like if I were just transferred over to a Disney character, it'd be somewhere between the Hunchback of Notre Dame and Dr. Delbert Doppler from Treasure Planet.  Not the best of standings."
 "Never again will I click on an album"
 "Why should one?"
 "I have never purchased a dildo, and don't plan on it either. A rubber penis wigs me the fuck out. "
 "Thank you. It wasn't really scary... it was, I'm not sure how to explain it. Like, she had been sick, so we were expecting her to die at any time. But when it really happened, it didn't seem real. It was a moment of unexpectedness even though we were expecting it."
 "I didn't say \"all\", I said \"a lot\", which is true. Glad you're benefitting from the program, I just wish employers didn't abuse it as much as they do."
 "People still pronounce vowels wrong in their third or fourth year of Spanish. "
 "'Blawolwauijwau 355 Hwwha' is worse advice  "
 "  One of the things that irked me quite a bit was the snappy come backs page.  If you're talking about the \"They said what?\" page, that's a fairly new addition to SDC, so I'm not sure how you saw it if you haven't been to the site in years.  Other than that, I'm not aware of a \"snappy come backs\" page.   Another one was how to handle an access dispute. It's important to educate, I'll agree to that. Standing up for your rights is important as well. However being a brat about the dispute won't solve anything, neither will trampling over others rights. Filming someone without their permission is an invasion or privacy either way you look at it and in many places it is illegal.  SDC's administrator does not advocate filming people without their permission.  There are some people who have said that they do so in the forum section, but that doesn't mean that the administrator approves of or encourages the practice.  SDC's page on handling access disputes (on the front area of SDC, not the forum) doesn't mention filming people at all.  Keep in mind that, particularly in the forum area, there are MANY people contributing to SDC's content, and most of the forum members are unmoderated.  That doesn't make the law pages on the front end a poor resource, especially considering that it can be hard for people to wade through legal text to find the information they need."
 "i think they poop giving birth."
 "After learning German you would hate to watch \"Hitler rants\" videos. "
 "I read somewhere that when one or both parties of a relationship use the baby voice, it signals insecurity in the relationship.   I think this is the article, but it's New Years and I'm too drunk/lazy to read the whole thing to confirm. "This implies mental disability instead of a simple new years eve barely over mistake. Repeat offenders actually usually do get mandatory addiction counseling and treatment."
 "At least something that would give us the reason to go in and finish the 50+ year war."
 "Cats don't have exoskeletons"
 "**BLASPHEMY!!!**"
 "Well I'm glad I'm not the only one. It's really hard to find a woman that doesn't have some goofy looking thing all over half her body. This fad has gotten out of hand. I always get crap for calling it a fad for women to get tattoos, but the fact is that 5 years ago you would never see every single female in a group with a freaking sleeve and a writing on their neck or some shit. Tattoos have always been popular with subculture but it's going to get old quick and the latest generation of women are going to look silly. Oh well, enough ranting today. Happy New Year!"
 "Why does the guy in the middle wearing green only have 1 leg?"
 "Probably Princess Jasmine, she is basically living the dream! She gets Aladdin, who is super hot, a huge, fancy palace and a pet tiger and she is absolutely beautiful. And lets not forget the magic carpet, the genie and the monkey, all thanks to Aladdin!"
 "That's so untrue. I shaved my ass for the first time about 2 months ago. Since then there's been no chafing, no itching, and I can finally wipe my ass until it's actually clean. The only downsides have been somewhat more noticeable ass sweat and it takes a little while to figure out how to fart silently again. But imo, the benefit of a squeaky clean ass *far* outweighs the negatives. I don't even have to shave more than once a week. "
 "Why?"
 "Budget realistically and always have some extra cash for emergencies. REAL emergencies. "
 "But the US's, not so much."
 "You're right. We better also assume every man who went to an Ivy League school is a frat boy rapist and will commit embezzlement and fraud if you hire them."
 "How about a downgrade in body hair"
 "i'll try it next time i go to the store, sounds good."
 "Sort of obvious, but some of us have jobs where we need to stay glued to a phone. Ladies, if I check after a text or check who the caller is, don't take offence. If I'm out of the loop, I'm screwed.   I will however excuse myself and apologize for the interruption."
 "Because George Bush was a good ole boy. Made everyone proud to be American. (Unless you were a liberal.) I don't know how, but he did. I mean, he went after Bin Laden!  "
 "One of my cats eats a prescription diet. Two of them are food whores and will eat only his $7/Lb food. He sleeps in bed with me all night but gets out of bed every morning within a few minutes of 7:00 to quietly meow and rub my face to wake me up to feed him. If I don't do it then, he starts biting my nose."
 "I give Master Bates a call down in Palmetto. "
 "Nothing is abuse between two consenting adults.  And yes domination can be fun all around for both sexes."
 "From what I've read today, two penises."
 "Rock climbing. Fuck the gym, my new years resolution is to go to the climbing gym more often. Its great exersize and its fun. I've also got a few juggling-related goals (mainly torches and to start doing preformances)"
 "I have a 4 door, only really room if I put down the back seats."
 "Driving while tired. Studies have shown it is more dangerous than drunk driving. There is just no way to regulate it. "
 "I thought /u/unidan was a girl"
 "No cancer in the boobs, please.  I hate the annual squish and the scar tissue feels weird now.  No cancer at all would be nice.  My gut is also weird now.  "
 "You can't be physically addicted to weed. Only mentally. You should really educate yourself on this. Not trying to be mean, but it is honestly not as bad as people chalk it up to be. It's not a miracle drug, as it releases toxins into your lungs when combusted. But there are other ways to consume marijuana, like vaporizing, for example. Vaporizers are a lung-healthy way to get high. Go check out some link on the pros of marijuana use. "
 "You don't have to.  So can the melodrama."
 "Bad news for you..."
 "I've been learning French on and off all my life and I'd love to get to a point where I was fluent. If that could happen in 24hrs it'd be amazing.  French is a beautiful language and if you can speak French and English chances are you'll be understood in a large part of the world."
 "\"This might be a bad time to tell you but about 9 months ago there was this other woman.  We met for a few drinks, one thing led to another, and what I guess I'm trying to say is that there is a chance the baby isn't yours.\""
 "Sooo.... women?"
 "On a televised debate. You have a lot less time to talk even than it seems to the audience at home, and the camera men are incredibly anal about making sure you're giving the camera your best creeper stare."
 "have you heard of maltodextrin? not peak performance, but still. "
 "I've seen it, looks like grass basically. Clumped up grass. But never really had it, only second hand."
 "Let's just be friends."
 "Target has their in-house brand Archer Farms cereals that are amazing.  I like their oats and chocolate.  Expensive but I can eat a box a day"
 "It looks like you failed to ask a question in your title. Double check everything, including punctuation, and try posting again.   * **If you're wanting to tell a story or explain something, please try /r/Self.**  * **If you're needing advice of any kind, try /r/Answers or /r/needadvice**  * **If you're looking for something that has slipped your mind, try /r/TipOfMyTongue.**  Anything else not covered try one of the subreddits mentioned in our sidebar that better suits your needs.  If you need more clarification, or feel this was an error, please contact the mods and provide a link to this post, thanks!   *[I am a bot](/r/AutoModerator/comments/q11pu/what_is_automoderator/), and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2FAskReddit) if you have any questions or concerns.*"
 "NYCC in 2010. Not to meet anyone cool in comics like Stan Lee, but to meet Curt Schilling in his attempt to make a video game..."
 "Give it a couple of years.  Then realise you might not have that daughter even if you did everything the exact same way the second time round.  That's when I stopped fantasizing about going back and changing the little things."
 "People have plenty of time to judge if a car coming up beside them when they're trying to merge is going a speed where 