 "So the obvious solution is make them wait 15 minutes instead of making booking agencies subject to similar laws? Not buying that regulatory concerns are the only thing at play here."
 "I'd almost be willing to pay more to avoid the junk mail"
 "That's definitely not the case as almost 100% of my purchases are directly from Amazon (I pretty much *only* order stuff either next-day or same-day, which is what makes Prime worth the cost)  I don't think Fedex or UPS offer Amazon the ability to pick up and deliver on the same day like the couriers do which I suspect is what sparked their move to break away from a UPS-only contract and move to multiple carriers."
 "  I've had $1000+ packages left on my porch with no knock on the door by UPS.  Not requesting to have a signature on delivery for items with that high of a value is beyond stupid.  UPS does not know what is inside of the box outside of what you place as the declared value."
 "The are big enough and tough enough to take on TWC and Comcast. It would be a fitting tribute to their founder, Franklin. "
 " powerwheel is similar to a race car. Anyone technical might write you off, if you make the comparison.  to be fair, anyone technical will write you off as soon as you tell them you have a degree in marketing and managment.... Calling Access a database, that one will put you into idiot territory thou"
 "This is true for FedEx Ground/Home Delivery since they are considered contractors. They own the route, trucks, uniforms, etc. FedEx Express, however, hires couriers that get an hourly rate, regardless of how many packages they deliver."
 "obviouse add, don't fall for it, the company pushed looks a bit scamy as well."
 "Its a dog right?   Typical Tennesseean response. "
 "Usps and amazon  fucked me AGAIN.  The only delivery service that really fails to deliver the packages to me.  "
 "goddamnned bama got 24 yards and fuck'd up mah bagels"
 "Let me try a different approach...  What can you actually do ? Degree in marketing and managment, so.... what can you do ? I do not care if you are 15, 20 or 30 years of age, given those credentials, to me, you are as ignorant as a child. You have no experiance in any industry, dispalyed by your lack of industry you want to work in.   You have no practical skills, since your degrees are not, not .... let me try to find a kind discription here....  I'm gonna go with \"awe inspiring\".  So, you are fresh out of collage, you have no idea what you want to do in real life, but you do know, that you want to get into upper managment. So you can be rich enough to start a non profit once you retire...  You have no clue about the real world. And seriously, I work as an engineer, if I got you, or someone similar, as a supervisor or someone that I'd have to give answers to, I would flat out quit. I have a skillset, what I do not have is a real problem in finding a new job. That makes me someone who does not have to deal with \"oh I have no clue about what im talking about, but I want to streamline this process\". Well to be fair, I also don't have children, which makes me mobil.... but well, you see my point.  That does not speak well for your desire to get into upper managment. Nor mid level managment, even low level managment. Learn some god damn humility before you want to manage people."
 "wat"
 "And GO VOLS! "
 "Yeah. USPS's prices have been slowly creeping up though. UPS has always been higher in my experience. I'm sticking with FedEx for now. "
 "Wow seriously? Do you have trouble with your upline much? Of course engineers are said to have the social skills of a 5 year old. "
 "I had three packages go through USPS this holiday season. Two were orders, one a shipment. One order was reported missing but showed up a week late open and completely trashed. One showed up a day early and in perfect shape. We sent one package to my mother which went missing and hasn't been recovered. I'd just prefer mediocre service to the highs and lows I experienced. "
 "Ha, not mine.  My city's USPS has stopped package delivery to all apartments, condos, housing developments, etc because of package theft. Practically everyone has to take time off of work to drive to their USPS office and pick up their packages while UPS and FedEx deliveries arrive with no issue.  I cancel every order that comes through via USPS Smartpost because I don't want to waste my lunch break to pick up a $5 order."
 "I usually don't have problems with my superiors or the marketing department.  I work in a company that values experiance and skill, so I'm quite fine there. I get payed for the expertise and professionalism I bring to my position. And I also get respected for just that.   Yes, engineers and specially software engineers are said to have no social skills in general. You however, are a want to be big boss, so YOU have to be able to deal with people like that. And you do not win the respect of people like me, by being close to 30, beeing a wanna be top level executive, with NOTHING to show for.   So well, I'm fine where I am. You however, well good luck, you are gonna need it. Btw, I actually can afford to quit a job for something bugging me enough. And that is a very very nice place to be in.  Ps.: Yes, seriously. You come over as the pointy haired boss in the dilbert comics."
 "Nobody gives a shit if you do what you're supposed to do."
 "Vols v. VT at Bristol in 2016, the most Tennessee thing possible."
 "I'm currently furious with the USPS. I don't have a problem with the fact that my guaranteed-overnight post-Christmas delivery took 2 days to be delivered. Things happen, it's a busy season, and I get that.  My problem is that when my mother went to get her money back on this guaranteed-overnight delivery, she was made aware of the fine print- the money-back guarantee is only valid if the package ends up being *more than 2 days late*. Otherwise- go fuck yourself.  It's absolutely bullshit. Again, I don't mind that the service wasn't stellar. But to be sold a guarantee only to find out that it's flimsy is extremely disappointing and I'm livid about it. \"Caveat emptor\" is not how I do business and it's not like how I like to be done business with."
 "USPS took 8 days to deliver a 2 day overnight package to me very recently.  I did not complain because I know that whoever I am complaining to in the giant USPS beurocracy is not the person who wronged me. I do not have enough time to bark in the dark at the USPS who delivers consistently lousy service.  I do not believe this article is accurate.  And if it is, it is likely only noticing the good guys worsening and not the bad guys being themselves :)"
 "Here are some tips on how to get the longest life out of home or office carpeting. "
 "Yea I ordered three packages the last minute 2 day.  One FedEx and two UPS, both got here on time.   But the 2 day package I'd ordered via USPS 5 days before that never arrived, despite having a guaranteed delivery date of the Friday before Christmas.  Just sat in some sorting facility all the way through to Christmas day."
 "I'd put $50 on it with you unless they count packages that needed to be picked up at their office. Every fucking package gets sent there as undeliverable because of \"theft\". More like laziness since UPS and Fedex drop them when they aren't using Smartpost."
 "Yeah seriously check my post history. Maybe then you might see why I have nothing to show for it. Or not...either way your a douche who seems to think they have a grasp on other people.  Do you normally tell this hard? "
 "I work with HolacracyOne, the company behind Holacracy. You're totally right, \"no job titles\" doesn't mean it's all open-ended and unclear. As berlinbrown guessed in another comment, Holacracy is based on \"roles\" that are very explicitly defined, in writing. Roles are different from job titles in that they actually describe the work to be done, and most importantly, they are differentiated from the people filling them. In fact, one person can fill several roles in a team, or even in the company, at different levels. As an example, you can see our company structure at HolacracyOne: although it's accurate to say that there are no job titles and no managers, there are clearly defined roles. Those roles are organized in self-organizing teams (or \"circles\"), and those circles are organized in a holarchy (which is a type of hierarchy). So... Holacracy is *NOT* a flat structure. On the other hand, it's not a simple hierarchy either, since what's holarchically organized are the roles, not the people.  There is quite a bit more to it than what you can read in the news article... in case you wanna learn more, we give a free webinar on Jan 9 that clarifies. Olivier"
 "I think we out larged Texas for once  **edit** for fuck sake larged isn't a word but it fits this discussion."
 "First off, yes, I usually tell this hard. (I also appreciate beeing told this way too)  Thing is, what I wrote should not make you feel bad. You want to get into managment, so, take it as a feedback. You will have to deal with, sometimes even more, hard to deal with people like me, in that field. So you need a thick skin. You also need to find a way to make it work.   You came off as a typical business grad. Not knowing what you talk about, but feeling superior. Again, thats how you came over.   As evidenced by my reaction, that is not how you want to come accross in a managing position. I'm talking low level, small team managment here, since that will realisticly be the best you can get as an entry position.   Seriously, be humble, talk to the guys you are managing in a way that makes them feel valued. Their expertise valued. And you will be amazed how well you can get along with those nerds, while your collegues are ripping their hair out.   You can't go into it with the mindset of \"I want to get into upper managment\", go into it with the mindset of \"I want to do a good job, and I want to learn\", and you will be fine.  Oh, and I do not know you. I only have what I read in this thread to go on. So no, I do not presume to grasp you as a person. Neither should you take my comments as a personal attack. Attack on what you wrote in this thread, yes. On you as a person, no."
 "The cost and waste involved in the printer ink and toner cartridges can be reduced using re-manufactured cartridges. "
 "USPS has been really stellar this year. Amazon used USPS for all my Prime deliveries for all thanksgiving and black Friday orders because UPS decided to take black Friday and the subsequent weekend off. My black Friday orders arrived Saturday and Sunday.  Now UPS want to use \"compressed holiday time\" and excessive shipments as an excuse. These idiots decided to take black Friday off! I hope this is a wake up call for them and I hope usps is revitalized, at least for their package shipment business."
 "You didn't make me feel bad or hurt my feelings. You made me think you were an ass. Seeing as how I don't work with you I don't have to pull punches or try to manage you.  A managers job is not to be an expert in every field. It is to manage the experts in a way that allows a company to reach its goals.  You can't make ie to upper management or mid level management without a good team and learning from them.  Part of the reason I am here. To learn how to get where I want. "
 "Well, since you rhetorically called me a 5 year old and an ass now, I think I can savely say, you are not the most diplomatic person either. And yep, the way you worded your posts, you come across as the pointy haired boss of dilbert, and again I wish you good luck.  Oh and while a manager does not need to be an expert in every field, he does have to know what he is talking about. Otherwise people will never respect you, and without respect, you can not do your job. \"Streamlining processes\" pritty much is a marketing buzzword, it does not mean anything. Throwing arround phrases like that is the epitome of an empty suit. "
 "It doesn't mean they follow through on it. I've $500 Signature on Delivery items left at my door (value declared), and I've $5 non-signature items that they'd refuse to leave at the door. Same driver too. Sometimes I think they just flip a coin to decide what to do."
 "It'll be the 4th or 5th largest sports crowd in history. Murica."
 "Well of course the USPS did well. It was designed to do well. It's government run and designed to handle sudden shifts and changes.     Beyond how some people want to believe, government handles stresses a LOT better than private business. It's what they were made for and, in the US, have over 200 years handling this sort of thing."
 "Wat? Amazon was processing almost 500 orders PER SECOND the week leading up to Christmas. Plus all the other vendors that ship UPS and Fed Ex... Of course some packages are going to be late, the vast majority weren't. I think the fact that UPS and Fed Ex can handle the logistics necessary to deal with the increase in holiday volume is amazing. "
 "I just realized now why business are trying to dismantle USPS "
 "This has been my experience. I've checked after the fact to confirm that it was sent sig on delivery. I have discovered no pattern whatsoever. I would really like to know why this happens. I've certainly spent far too much time thinking about it..."
 "I have 0.00006 BTC worth 4 cents and 503 dogecoins worth 22 cents. I think I will stick to clipping coupons."
 "No one except every American, and many, many other people around the world.  Rights are given and taken. It's a right we have. Maybe you don't think we should, and while you'd be wrong, it would at least be a reasonable statement. That little word \"should\" makes all the difference. Again, you'd still be wrong, because IMO and all the postal services is one of the most useful things a government can do, and ours happens to be done exceptionally well. "
 "In my experience I have the option fairly often. Probably just a function of the kind of stuff we're buying. "
 "It is, but it may still be worth it, and once you're doing it, there's not a whole lot incentive to care which way you go.  Source: Twice worked at a place that used both USPS and FedEx for various purposes."
 "Yeah Laser Ship is a legit courier. Probably 50% of my prime packages come via Laser here in Manhattan"
 "Decide first if you want to get rich any old how, or if you want to create a startup that seeks to change the world.  If you just want to get rich then I don't really have any advice for you, justget a job or watch Glengarry Glenross or something. **But** ... if you want to create a startup, read Paul Graham's treasure trove of past blog posts. It's a gold mine of wisdom for startup entrepreneurs.  www.paulgraham.com  In particular read this as a one time successful founder onto my second startup)."
 "Also shills, shills everywhere."
 "a great way to test market demand is to set up a \"billboard\" webpage (with email registration), and launch a very cheap (less than $5.00 per day for one month days) Google AdWords campaign.  pick your best idea or two and see which one delivers the most response."
 "And Folks, this is why I try to get my presents shipped a week earlier than Christmas or even sooner. Also, it's nice to get it out of the way"
 "Certs are normally a post grad thing, just something I would focus on instead of an MBA. I personally have my MBA but have found that it is completely useless in my career. "
 "I thought I was being hard. You judged me because I was atypical and I called you out on it.   In all seriousness, the only thing I would say is I hope you see that you can't judge someone because they are different then you.   Also kudos on the engineering degree. My wife is working on a dual engineering and architecture program. It's intense."
 "They supply benefits to consumers and sellers alike Most brick and mortar retail businesses offer Exchange Gift Card however thus do dozens of on-line gift Card sites. "
 "Amen. Time to toss you and rest of the shills outta here!"
 "Postal goes through UPS. I work at UPS and we put high priority on postal because it's a huge government contract"
 "In my experience, this is actually almost always the case. I never understand people bitching about USPS."
 "F'em. I tried to send a package into Queens, NY last summer. They claim they attempted to deliver it. The problem was not resolved until I filed a claim with the USPS  for insurance coverage. Prior to that, I spend about an hour and a half waiting for someone to answer the phone at the location in Queens where the package was located. The local USPS location where I mailed it from pretty much offered no help and left me on my own to figure out to threaten to file a claim. F-em."
 "Florida Medical Space is Floridas first and only statewide, full service medical real estate company.  We are a highly focused and specialized team of investment, marketing, leasing and management professionals at your full disposal so you can focus on what matters most. "
 "Amazon doesn't guarantee any carrier only the estimated ship date."
 "Did you have a contract with FedEx or ups? Standard discounted rated is lower than parcel post with USPS."
 "Medical office space Florida  Find Medical space Plantation, Fort Lauderdale, Boynton Beach, Margate, Tamarac, Lake Worth, Kendall at Florida Medical Space."
 "Tell that to my carrier that used to  cusses and swear at all the customers along her route. Fired? No its government. Just transferred."
 "More like ups and FedEx using the post office for the expensive end delivery."
 "I always use Priority Mail and have never had a problem, never a late package. And can't beat about $17 for two day delivery for whatever I can cram into a pretty good sized box."
 "If you sent it Priority Mail, it should take 2-3 business days. Which it did."
 "Quickad.co  Free classified in india used for buying and sale old and new mobile phone in India. Quickad.co offers best mobile classifieds. Sell your used any mobiles."
 "We've assembled the brightest and most qualified team of  team of healthcare real estate professionals to provide unparalleled service to the physicians, healthcare executives and investors who serve the healthcare needs of residents of Florida. "
 "I've occasionally gotten something the next day, with Prime. I don't know how they do it. Maybe they DO have those drones after all."
 "I spend about $30k a year with them."
 "Just did it.   Legal zoom $1000 to 2000 bucks  depending on how many catagories.   Takes about a year     Good luck"
 "We pride ourselves in taking care of our customers; whether it is a single bouquet, a vase from our gift shop or an entire weddings worth of flowers, it's our pleasure to work with you. "Many property owners are not able to manage their property. So its a good option for property owners to go with a rental property management company in Westchester. The author explains about the benefits of hiring rental property management. You can call at (914) 288-6023 and fax at (866) 314-9739. You can send mail at info@realpropertymgt.com.  For more details, visit www.westchester.realpropertymgt.com"
 "They should take a full-page advt boasting their record and asking for Patriotic Americans to try out USPS. "
 "...and yet people are ready to think of you as a monster if you boast about it."
 "Fannie Mae got federal bailouts BECAUSE they hired excellent lobbyists.  USPS should hire a lobbyist and also publicity to blitz advertise on their excellent record and to ask \"patriotic\" Americans to utilize USPS."
 "Finding it difficult to manage your financial account? Want to maintain it in a systematic manner? Arkk Solutions provides remarkable modified solutions for your financial data for you to change your statutory accounts into ixbrl. The company also offers XBRL taggingso that you can tag and categorize your data into different groups. Log on to Arkk Solutions website and find out more about managing ixbrl accounts through us.  "
 "USPS needs to get lobbyists, and also appeal to citizen's patriotism via a concerted small business campaign.  Focus on many Small Business Owners (with American flag waving in background) and rope them in for advertisements, TV spots, and state how USPS helps them deliver.   Then specify that USPS \"You\" to write to your senator/congressman to stop starving USPS so that the 200 year old institution started by Benjamin Franklin can survive.  In addition unleash a negative campaign that mentions the campaign contributions received from UPS/FedEx and others by Senators. "
 "There's nothing improved about this bucket.  You can't put a lid on it, you can't stack things on top of it, you can't turn it upside-down to create a stable support, and the pocket-handle is no better than the ridge on the bottom of a regular bucket.  It's just marketing bullshit, but it will probably work, because people are idiots.  Sometimes the simple solution is still the best solution.  "
 "Looking for a Luxury cottage for your holiday near York? Look no further, we have thought of everything. Exclusive Luxury in the heart of North Yorkshire with easy distance to all the main tourist destinations! Go ahead; treat yourself to a luxury cottage stay! "Nope.   Several packages missed their Prime shipment guaranteed delivery times. When the USPS missed their delivery, a \"Left Note\" status was attached to the tracking number despite them not even attempting a delivery."
 "Wobees offers free classified posting in UAE and its local area including Dubai, Abu Dhabi and Al Ain. Post your personal ads for antiques, appliances, electronics, cell phones, Bicycles and Tools etc. in UAE."
 "Google wantrepreneur and see how much of those traits you can identify with and how to fix them. (It's harsh, but I found it a very useful learning step.)  Unsaturated niches are often unsaturated because there's not a need.  Oversaturated niches are often a great way to go if you can bring in higher quality product and/or lower prices.  Make a list of your skills and interests and see which of them can be applied toward providing goods and services.  Go from there."
 "Pest Control India is a leading Management of Pest Control in India. For information on best quality of Control Pest please visit www.pestcontrolindia.com.  Pest Control India are reputed Bed Bug Control in India. Get detailed information about Bed Bug Control in Mumbai from www.pestcontrolindia.com.  Pest Control India is a leading service provider of Cockroach Control Mumbai, India from www.pestcontrolindia.com.  Pest Control India is a premier supplier of Pest Services. For more details about Commercial Pest Control in India please visit www.pestcontrolindia.com."
 "I'm curious about your costs going down... Do you only ship very small lightweight items?  Because FedEx and UPS are definitely cheaper per pound than the USPS."
 "Looking for a trustworthy company to finish your basement? Need some help with designing your basement project? Finish your basement for $14 per sqare foot."
 "Funda protectora iPad excelente accesorio protector iPad, protege al equipo de todo tipo de golpes, cadas, araazos, para as Evitar la rotura del iPad de los nios"
 "ah ok.  great!  even better for you.  the uni is basically paying you to start your business!  one of the biggest reasons new businesses fail is because the business is unable to pay the salary of the founder, and the founder is forced to go back and get a j.o.b.. (i.e. usually game over).  so in your case, ... bonus! your salary is paid!  one of my most trusted associates had this advice for me:  1.  find something you enjoy.  business?  2.  find a way to improve it for one person.  (often yourself)  3.  if it works for one person, it probably works for many people.  keep improving whatever it is you are doing.  4.  eventually, you will have something that is paying your bills.  if you spam a lot, you might make a billion dollars like zuckerberg.  (not that i am promoting the use of spam.  i am just saying, spamming worked for zuckerberg -- who was simply trying to crete an \"online yearbook\", reference to my opinion about \"higher education\": it only makes sense if it's essentially free, as it should be.)"
 "Power straightener is designed to speed, torque and power adjustments that are necessary for high speed stamping and light material applications. Durantco offers quality coil straighteners at very cheap rates in the United States with free shipping."
 "Get fully licensed and insured limo hire in Manchester at Earls Limousines. We provide affordable limousines for all occasions and events. Make your reservation now for a care free travel experience! "
 "Motonews.ru -   ,      ,   , ,      "[How to Make Money on YouTube by Selling Your "[How to Make Money Online through Affiliate "I'm guessing you ship really small packages? Our costs would be astronomically higher if we switched 100% of our business to USPS. It costs me $9.88 to ship a 2lb package to a residence on the west coast with USPS and $8.75 with FedEx. The difference increases as the weight goes up. For anything over 2lbs fedex and ups are almost always cheaper unless you are talking about zip codes with a delivery area surcharge, then I would say anything over 5lbs. I ship about 2000 packages a week. My current distribution is 35% USPS and 65% FedEx."
 "It's not dumb. It's a risk that many companies take. Signature confirmation is an added charge. For the sake of simplicity let's say it costs $1. Let's say your average order value is $500. If you ship 1000 orders you would need at least 2 of them to go missing to recoup your cost. I can say from experience that the actual number that go missing is well below 0.2%."
 "You've basically described the collective action problem in practice."
 "The US postal service lost one of my packages and pretty much told me \"too bad, so sad\". They regularly lose mail i send out at work and return mail saying the address is bad when its not. I hate USPS."
 "Yup. Small, high-value packages: most orders in a 7x5x2 inch padded envelope weighing circa 1-3 ounces. Larger orders, even totalling $thousands, easily fit within a 6x4x4 box and rarely exceed one pound in weight. Cost to ship for the padded envelope ranges $1.69 to $1.86 and comes with free Delivery Confirmation service  same rate to ALL ZONES, including Alaska and Hawaii, with no bullshit distinction between so-called 'Business' and 'Residential' addresses. You should definitely find that impressive.   We also use Registered Mail letter-post for international shipments.      Long ago (we're talking over a decade back) we started out shipping via USPS and had wretched results. The corners of those small flat-rate Priority Mail 'video-mailer' boxes would be ripped open and the contents stolen, but marked as \"damaged in transit\". We switched to UPS, who were so crassly self-serving I grew to really hate them. For example, mandatory $20/week \"pickup fees\" even though I didn't need pickups, as I would drop off my shipping at my private mailbox place every day. And constant rate re-adjustments on each parcel after the fact for purported gas cost increases and obscure addresses (I forget the actual term used), but something like 2 out of 3 original shipping charges would be increased by sneaky add-ons tacking roughly $1.50-$2.00 extra onto almost every parcel's cost by the time the ~weekly~ invoice arrived (they refused to bill monthly) each of which invoices had to be paid within 10 days or you'd get hit with a 5% penalty fee. They just never seemed to give a fuck about anything other than their own advantage.      Eventually we tried USPS again. One tip, told me by a USPS employee: Priority Mail is pretty much a total waste of money. It's the same as First Class, they just charge more for it.. unless you have a very heavy shipment which can fit inside a flat-rate mailer, then it pays. Thus far there's been zero theft, everything just works like a charm. As long as I generally don't need to visit an actual brickmortar post office itself, which feels akin to perhaps buying a loaf of bread in the former Soviet Union, all is well. Don't forget that for all its woes, the US Postal Service was chartered with a mandate to always only break even financially. It is not allowed to turn a profit. Here's hoping those NeoCon creeps never succeed in privatizing it."
 "Wow. What a disgusting article. "
 "I hope that this nonsense about \"you're not truly American/Canadian/etc until you give up your original citizenship\" will eventually go away.  Admittedly I am a bit biased, being a dual citizen myself."
 "I do agree and hope it does change.  But I do understand some concern if the position had some diplomatic power like Secretary of State. But for Federal Reserve, they can screw up the economy, but anyone can do that, duel citizenship wouldn't matter. "
 "Fantastic article, the author gets it!! Understanding what drives a brand, and how to use the true customer experience (in-the-moment) will make good companies GREAT and GREAT companies EXCEPTIONAL!  Artful Decisions....Looking forward to see where you go!!"
 "In the US is unemployment benefit funded by your previous employer? I can't understand why they would fight against a former employee receiving state benefits?"
 "That's particularly stupid, because giving up your original citizenship doesn't immediately change your opinions about your original country.  *If* you were an evil agent of that country, bent on destroying the US, you'd just give up your citizenship to that country, technically, in order to serve your goals. Forcing them to do so in order to \"prove\" their allegiance doesn't actually ensure any loyalty to the US, it merely is a severe annoyance to those that *aren't* evil double agents."
 "\"Fischer, a dual-citizen of the U.S. and Israel, served as the head of Israels central bank for eight-years before stepping down on June 30 of this year.\" Even if we strike out the ~~a dual-citizen of the U.S. and Israel~~ how can this not be considered a serious conflict of interest?"
 "Search for offices in major cities of United States, Canada  Mexico by choosing location. We help you find the right office solution in cities like New York  Toronto."
 "We have a Canadian serving as governor of the Bank of England. He got the job because it was felt that he handled the recession very well as head of the Canadian Central Bank."
 "I don't believe it is funded directly by the previous employer. Businesses pay into an unemployment fund from which unemployment is disbursed to individuals. However, the amount a business pays is probably linked to the unemployment status of their own workers."
 "Correct, a percentage of their wages paid contribute to unemployment, though they may pay higher if a large percentage of their workers become unemployed."
 "If your employee goes on unemployment, your company unemployment tax rates go up.  Source: my wife is going on unemployment, even though she was going to stop working soon anyways, as a fuck you to her old boss/owner of the business."
 "Yes, the unemployment tax rate paid by a company is based on their historical claims. "
 "Sounds like Grandma wasn't crazy for hiding money in her couch after all. "
 "First, ObamaPhone. Second, Obamacare. Next, ObamaCar... When will we get an OBamaLetMeLivETheLifeOfRichPeopleByStickingMyHandOut?"
 "Why do people think /r/business it the place to post political blogspam tangentially related to business?"
 "Any idea how Ebay Now did in NYC during the Holiday? I noticed they had guaranteed same-day deliveries until 12/24. "
 "By 'cost' I mean 'value of packages lost'."
 "I buy lots of stuff off eBay, so that maybe a place to start. "
 "Who upvotes this crap?"
 "Yep. I had to fight for unemployment when I was younger. I would take the bus to work. They scheduled me on Sunday mornings which I would have been happy to oblige but there was no bus running at that time (either Sunday or that early, I don't remember). Got fired, asked for unemployment and they said *too bad*. Filed a claim against the company with the unemployment office, held *phone court* and was granted benefits. "
 "Euh... Upper management positions are not filled nor attained from 3-semester schooling, not without being extraordinary or without having extraordinary connections. So either be the former or get the latter."
 "The obvious strategy to sell anything online is to have a catchy online presence such as a website/webpage made. That website/webpage should also be e-commerce-enabled/have an online store i.e. people can use their credit cards, Paypal accounts etc. to purchase whatever the website is selling. When you have such a website, you need to get lots of people to visit it (get traffic for the site). You can read the many articles on how to get traffic to your site online and try doing it yourself if you have time and would like to learn different online marketing methods or get help from an internet marketing company. If you are hiring services of an online marketing firm, then you must ensure the internet marketing company you select uses best online marketing practices, not black-hat online marketing techniques or you will get your website penalized by Google - which will drastically decrease your chances of getting traffic to your website/e-store. I know a bit about all this because I myself have been doing sales/marketing writing for over a decade now, writing for different online marketing firms as well, and my sincere suggestion to you would be to go for a marketing firm that has a track record of increasing online sales of their clients using best practices if you find marketing your site online yourself time-consuming and/or difficult.  As Penisoftheorange suggests above, eBay would definitely be another place to start for me.  Good luck!"
 "Because when a company takes money out of an employees check for unemployment it belongs to the employee even after they leave. They earned it. Here is an example that my bf went through. Got fired, got unemployment, received benefits from a previous job which gave him a whopping $500 a week! (If he made more money, or more went into unemployment fund he would have gotten more.) When those funds ran out the money transferred to the job that he was fired from. $150 a week because he made a lot less. "
 "I second that."
 "If the business owner in this situation had seen a post like this, they might have known better than to fight this type of claim specifically, and generally had an epiphany about the importance of being considerate and accommodating of workers' basic needs.  Since workers do the work in business I don't see how this is tangential to business at all."
 "It is a pyramid scheme because to make any money, you've got to sign other people up. To make more money, they have to sign people up. The more people you sign up and the more people they sign up, the more money you make. Classic pyramid scheme.   Yes they do offer services, but many of these you can find for free without ever having to pay. And also many of these will go unused by the people that sign up.  Eventually, everyone I know that has gotten involved in WUN, finds out (on their own) that it is not a sustainable model for income, and they get out. It will make money for you in the short term, but the amount of money made is nowhere near the effort you have to put in to get it. In fact, if you put just as much effort into bettering yourself or into a real job, you'll make more and get more out of life. WUN is just a ridiculous short term pyramid scheme that just happens to have a somewhat legitimate side to keep the authorities away."
 "The slower it goes the more likely it is to get lost or damaged. That being said the majority of what we send is via media mail."
 "I have had exactly this happen as well."
 "pretty common practice to build seller rating"
 "This was a result of bad if not awful security practice.   Either they broke the law and stored things they shouldn't have. Or were pwned for 2 weeks and had no clue.   Either way this is a failing of target not plastic.   Not to say there are not solutions, such as bitcoin. "
 "Wow, really? Aside from the general psychological effect of making the seller more appealing/trustworthy to buyers, are there any concrete benefits of such a practice, such as a ranking boost akin to search engine optimization for example?"
 "As a former farm kid that has seen a lot of success, let me make a farm analogy for you.  To get to the barn, you have to step in some shit.   My only advice, if you believe that you are the game changer you are trying to come across as, find a small business and stick with it for 4-5 years while it grows and has success. You will only go the way of the herd in a big corporation unless you already have the contact names to drop."
 "Small business (with the right relationships) is where people can show real growth, adaptation and knowledge. Going to a big corporation it wouldn't matter if you are God, if they hire you to open the door for the janitor that's the cookie cutter you fit into. In a small business, as long as your relationship is strong with the ownership you will be given more reigns quickly. "
 "Yes many, ranking being number 1.  DSR is another big issue. "
 "Weve been talking about a brand-new beginning having that brand-new beginning because we decide that well have a brand-new beginning.  Imagine that you have a book in your hands and there are lots of pages on the left side and lots of pages on the right side.  This is the book of your life and its a very large book.  Every page on the left side of this book is your past.  Everything on the right side is your future and theyre still blank.   "
 "Great advice! The only thing that I would add is that over the next couple of decades as we see the price of \"higher education\" balloon out of control people will be turning to real-world knowledge/application and certifications and away from \"college\" as we know it today."
 "I have heard something about the Chinese government subsidizing exports by providing near-free shipping of small items to North America.   Source: [The "Selling this item is still profitable thanks to the ridiculously low shipping rate by the Hong Kong postal service for items shipped to the United States under a certain weight class. It's something like $0.20 USD for postage to the United States thanks to the US' voracious appetite for imported goods from China.    This particular item will both fit into the dimensional requirements and weight class requirements to qualify for this special rate; the Hong Kong post uses it as filler items to maximize shipping capacity on their transport lines."
 "I agree. University education is failing our students and does not get them ready for professional life. Certifications are the key, most top notch firms will reimburse you for passing them which is highly valuable. "
 "To clarify, providing free shipping automatically gives the seller a 5 star rating in the \"shipping\" section of the feedback evaluation. "
 "I was reading an editorial in my local paper today, and it was very interesting how the editor thought that when the times get tough, the tough take to the couch."
 "First, you have a bit of a good start by simply having the incentive to post here.  Ultimately your success depends upon many things but without an inner drive (aka \"passion\").  Second, you must gain the trust and confidence of those who are senior to you in the organization that you work in.  This is not easy and requires a lot of time and dedication to make it work.  And third (there are many others), I think that being honest, having moral courage, and truthful will also help turn you into a leader that you ultimately want to be.  Best of luck."
 "[How to Make Money Online Marketing Your Products and "When the chip and pin first came out the credit cards claimed they couldn't be copied and were refusing to cover fraudulent purchases made with chip and pin.  They quickly changed their mind when the media ran stories of a bunch of people who had their cards copied.  Nothing is ever perfectly safe."
 "I've been harassed by sellers who post good deals like these. They want you to fill out surveys and give them good ratings. Some will ask for it until you post a good rating. Some have gone as far as offering a refund or discount on the product after you post a good rating for the seller and product. It's part of their marketing budget or something."
 "It makes me cringe to think that somewhere out there there are people working for basically slave wages so that Americans can have cheap hourglasses for our Boggle games."
 "Why would it be conflict of interest though?  Western central banks generally have shared interests and philosophies, and often act together.  And this isn't the first cross-over of a central banker -- Mark Carney, former head of Bank of Canada, now leads Bank of England."
 "This. I worked for a retailer that had an eBay store and we sold like 20% of items at a small loss or no profit. "
 "This isn't much different than buying pretty much anything from stores like Walmart, except that it is less efficient. Does that make you cringe? "
 "(...Boggle games) or in my case: yoga poses."
 "The fucking chinese cheat so bad.    the best was when this company selling fake goods shipped me a jersey 2 months late, and tried to blame it on Hurricane Sandy, even though the hurricane was before I ordered.      I needed the jerseys to take to south america, which has unreasonably high import tariffs, not to mention shipping would be additional $50 bones.  I filed a complaint with paypal and they sided with me and issued an immediate refund for the entire order.      however this is the clever part, those fucking chinese bastards threatened to smash my credit by sending my info to a collection agency.  They refused to answer the dispute on paypal, and would only communicate with me directly saying stuff like, ''do you know what happens to americans whose credit gets smashed? they can't find jobs, get bad rates on their mortgages, and can't apply for credit, and will have a hard time getting insurance\"...which was all true.      I wasn't gonna let these punks who fucked up the order bully me around, so I told them what happened to chinese fuckers who lose money on behalf of the company, get fired, cause embarrassment and shame, not to mention I was gonna report their agency to whatever US and Chinese Federal Trade Commissions there are (I think I found like 4 or 5 of em).      anyways, after responding to his, \"I'm gonna fuck up your life\" with my own \"I'm gonna fuck up your life\", he was more motivated to play ball.  Initially he offered me a credit towards my next purchase...yea right...then tried offering me a 10% discount...yea right....but after I told him I had a 100% discount already we settled on only having to pay for half the order.       I prolly could've gotten the whole thing for free cause, but I was paranoid about my credit being smashed and having to go through the hassle of getting it fixed.  Still I thought it was a pretty ingenious maneuver to leverage themselves.      ever since then I refuse to buy anything from China.  They're fucking economic cheaters and they don't play fair at all.  *EDIT I love how I'm getting down voted for refusing to purchase goods from a country that doesn't respect patents, infringes on copy-writes, and manipulates the value of their currency at the expense of other consumers and businesses willing to create some sort of globalized standard"
 "You know, in many countries, Chinese government sets up these big warehouses where local wholesalers can come to look for Chinese goods to resell.   I saw them myself in several African countries.  That said, I got the details from random people so they could be wrong about the Chinese govt actually paying the bills for these massive trading warehouses.  It could be some of the bigger Chinese companies getting together...  "
 "can they actually send your info to credit agencies if you were ripped off on ebay? "
 "The economy is only smoking crack in a drunken stupor."
 "I don't think you realize how much better Chinese are for working in these companies.    Saying that the Chinese are working for \"slave wages\" is akin to saying that Americans are working for \"slave wages\" because factory work in Norway pays $40/hour minimum.    You have to compare to local conditions and alternatives.  A factory job pays _a multiple_ of what farm work they would otherwise be doing pays.  It's a huge jump up in earnings.  And this is why they literally get thousands of applicants for a few open positions.  "
 "It boggles your mind, does it?"
 "It's the MBAs who let this happen who smoke crack..."
 "That's a pretty broad brush. I've been cheated by Floridians before. Should I refuse to buy anything from Florida? Maybe refuse to buy anything American?  I'll do you one better. I've been cheated by tens of humans in my lifetime. I'm going to boycott all human-run businesses!"
 "Seems like a highly spurious threat."
 "A debt collection agency goes after those who don't pay credit... i.e. someone gave them goods / services in advance of being paid.  They don't (and probably can't) go after someone who refunds a paypal purchase. They don't even have your information to do that. All they would have is your name, I'm sure to report a debt they need a SSN.  There's nothing they could have done to you, they were just bluffing.  Go report their harassment to paypal and ebay, and leave a bad review."
 "It wasn't on ebay though, it was just a company that accepted paypal.  But the thing is they did have all my information, First and Last name, as well as my shipping address which is where I lived.  That's enough for them to smash your credit"
 "I think Noxchi has a point. At a minimum I think they'd need an SSN. Otherwise jilted lovers and pranksters could easily ruin people's credit willy-nilly. It can't be that easy."
 "lol wut"
 "Interesting. I work in an American factory and have always felt much pain in buying goods that were manufactured overseas since I assume their working conditions are worse than mine. So I usually buy Union mad American made goods. Most of my clothes have my union logo on them (because I support my union), but it more so serves the purpose that I know my $10 shirt was made by an american worker supported by a textile labor union that my union is affiliated with.  I hadn't really considered outside of that. To imagine a Chinese factory as a step up in their jobs economy is a bit mind boggling. Is there data for this? A study? I'd love to learn more.   The point about Norway is true. I don't consider my $30/hr to be slave labor, even knowing that in Norway a factory worker like me is making $40/hr. Maybe it is all very relative as you say.  This is definitely something to think about."
 "It can be that easy.  You're not giving best buy your ssn when you buy a 5K tv are you?"
 "wasn't ebay, but a company that accepted paypal.  all a debt collection agency needs to come after you is your first and last name, your address, and an unpaid invoice"
 "Um, actually you are, if you're applying to finance the purchase."
 "Pizza Hut reinvents HR...   Would Mr Amos turn any applicant away? Well, one woman came in and ordered a pitcher of beer before the job interview. I didn't hire her."
 "wow that is shitty. is there a way to know if credit agencies have been notified? you should, theoretically at least, be allowed to defend yourself on that issue (but then again that is what paypal's chargeback is for and it clearly isnt enough).   i assumed ebay because i was preoccupied thinking about a situation i had with a chargeback. i bought some shoes on ebay and was sent fakes. i went through the process and was awarded the chargeback, but then the seller tried telling ebay i sent him back different shoes. that didnt go anywhere but i was afraid he might try something like this"
 "Wait, where do you get American-made clothing?"
 "I'm not 100% certain.  My guess would be to go apply for a credit card, or do a credit check and see if something comes up.      you gotta be real careful on ebay who you buy from.  A guy can have 100,000 sales and like 60 negatives in the last month and still have a 99.9% rating.  I encourage everyone to read the negative comments carefully, and strongly consider what other people have said before making a purchase cause often time it will give you an indication how the seller will behave should shit hit the fan"
 "Keep in mind not everything is sold for a profit...  They might just be using it to build reputation, or even liquidating an over supply.    Also, most Americans have a hugely inflated opinion of what items actually cost to manufacture... 80% of what you pay for items goes to the middle men who shuffle the crap from factory to your door."
 "I buy through the United Steelworker's online clothes shop, which guarantees to only sell union-American made products. They do include some Canadian Union made products too though, but the majority of it is American made.  Here's the love the quality of the stuff. I can't find the same toughness in shirts in stores as the shirts I buy from them, they just last longer and don't rip/wear out fast. My job is tough, the metal is sharp, I can't have my shirts shredding on me haha. So there's a multi-layered benefit to buying american made union goods, supporting my fellow union workers, supporting american manufacturing, and getting a high quality durable item for my dollar."
 "Number of reviews doesn't trump positive reviews.  Unless they have very little reviews, selling at loss or no profit (no profit = loss b/c of expenses), is just bad business.  Were they just trying to clear up inventory space?"
 "Yes. "
 "The low shipping rates aren't just for things going to the US, it's anywhere in the world."
 "Ebay didn't step in to stop the threats?    Also: prolly is not a word.  Please try to do your part to stop the spread of this contagion."
 "They need a social security number for any of the credit agencies to be able to put it on your credit profile. Any time you buy on credit, you need to give the lender your SS for this reason. This is also why I always get, and verify, a tenants SS number. If they don't pay their rent, I'll need it to ruin their credit. "
 "Yes, you should.  Buy from robots (Amazon).  They are programmed to be highly ethical."
 " You can look at historical incomes in China and the breakdown between rural pay and factory pay.  China is the only country in modern history to double their per capita income in only 1 generation - in large part thanks to this migration from subsistence farming to factory work.  When you can barely afford enough rice to eat, those factory jobs are a lifesaver.  In fact, many of the workers who have these factory jobs pay enough not just to provide for themselves, but also for their extended families.  On paper,they get paid a lot less than US workers, but Chinese rural areas are very low cost.    The biggest difference for a Chinese factory worker is that they will often come from some rural area, get a job in a factory, and live in factory dorms.  There are factory complexes out there that literally employ 100,000 workers.  That's just one factory.  And they have mega-cafeterias that feed 10,000 workers/hour and dorms that house those 100,000 workers.  It's like a big college campus.    This is also why the workers themselves do not want limits on amount of overtime/etc.  They are there to make as much money as the can.  They're not there to sit in their dorms doing nothing and getting paid nothing.  They want to rack up as much overtime as they possibly can.  They save up enough money to buy houses back home, put their kids through university, etc.  It's not a \"lifestyle\" job and their families are often 500 miles away.  They also jump around from factory to factory, trying to get jobs at the places that pay the most and have the easiest work - just as all workers do.    To me, \"Made in America\" means almost nothing.  I used to live in Brooklyn, NY, where there were tons of sweatshops knowingly employing illegal immigrants, and paying them sub-minimum wage, and sometimes outright cheating people on their paychecks.  (For example, if you told them you're quitting in a 2 weeks to go back home, some employers took it as a chance to not give you your last paycheck because they knew you would be gone in 2 weeks.)  This kind of BS doesn't happen in Chinese mega-factories.    "
 "This is actually true and the US and EU need to do something about this anti-competitive behaviour. I don't see any other country subsidising purchases by foreign nationals like this. They want to destroy all competition from thousands of miles away. "
 "My brother-in-law is looking for these...and the crazy low price fits his \"budget\" (aka cheapass!).  Would you share the link to these please?"
 "I didn't use eBay, it was a company which accepted paypal.  I never buy anything online unless I can make a purchase through paypal.  I trust them more than my own bank"
 "Regular retail stores use this model as well."
 "Per capita is an average spread across an entire population. Sam Walton's heirs, the WalMart family  a mere 11 persons  own more wealth between them than 40% of the United States population combined: Similar wealth distribution is the Chinese norm as well, if not even more so."
 "Ah ok."
 "Or maybe the US and EU should wise up and start subsidizing international shipping costs, as it would directly feed the economy."
 "Although in retrospect I should probably have fuzzed-out the seller's ID, it's right there to be seen in the image. Kinda weird side-effect to inadvertently advertise his business. Oh, well."
 "Hmm? Don't get what you mean by your first sentence... "
 "*except Australia, where we still demand payment in body limbs for anything shipped from overseas."
 "It probably takes a grand total of 15 seconds to hand assemble one of these things.  That means a single worker can make 240+ an hour... if they profit 25 cents each, that means that worker is producing $60 an hour profit.  Not too shabby."
 "nice good to know, that's really helpful info.  TX!"
 "How could they have fucked with your credit? "
 "To also state the obvious here, externalized factors such as resource extraction, energy consumption for manufacture and transport, as well as pollution and other environmental damage, are not factored into the true cost of this product."
 "Firstly, thank you for your time and experience in replying.   That's both hopeful and troubling. I'm happy they are making more money, but a bit saddened at the cost it comes with. Living in a factory dorm, never leaving the complex, living far from family and home is a huge toll to pay. But now I can better understand why they do it.  And I have known of American based sweatshops, we've had some local-ish tragedies of human exploitation around here as we had America's largest illegal immigration raid at Agriprocessors in Postville, Iowa. "
 "But a $1000 3D printer can print it for (almost) free in just 39 minutes. Clearly, 3D printing will disrupt the entire manufacturing industry, especially in the cheap-plastic-injection-molded-shit-from-China sector.  EDIT: In case it wasn't clear, I was being sarcastic. If those of you who downvoted me understood that I was being sarcastic, please give me a compelling case for consumer 3D printing being a disruptive technology. I have read hundreds of articles on it and have yet to hear one."
 "Please watch Last Train Home.  It looks like it will be [streaming online again in about 1  It talks about the social costs involved.  After you watch it, read the film updates/etc.  I think you will like it.   In some ways, the documentary reminds of what is happening in the USA as well. There are many migrant workers working on farms, meat factories, random sweatshops.  They come to the USA illegally, work for a few years to save up as much money as possible, and then go back to their countries....  "
 "He meant \"#of reviews...\" But the hash made the sentence into a title."
 "You're right, but you can use pretty much any metric you want and they all show massive gains in income and quality of life in China.  Many big Chinese cities are almost like US cities these days, whereas 20-25 years ago they were nothing more but backwater dumps.  There is a big and growing middle class that almost didn't exist 25 years ago.  There is still massive rural poverty, but things are improving at lightning pace.  It's definitely going in the right direction.   (This is actually in contrast to what I think about the US...  US is racing to the top and racing to the bottom.  The top 10% are doing as well as ever, but the bottom is increasing and the middle is getting squeezed out.)  "
 "Of course it's overhyped but 3d printing will excel in customization."
 "Yeah, and they can't breathe their air, eat their crops, or drink their water.  [Chinese Air Pollution Deadliest in World, Report Says] Says 8 Million Acres Of Farmland Now Too Polluted For   [If You Think Chinas Air Is "Also, sometimes buyers sell dollar items just to boost their ratings."
 "Yes."
 "Influencing the exchange rate might be one of the places to start."
 "...and you'll get it in three months."
 "I watch this sub to learn about business to avoid just that. What do you think are some measures a middle class person can do to avoid being squeezed downwards? It's a fear of mine that as the middle class falls I too will be buried in the landslide despite my best efforts to save and make solid investments."
 "Thank you! I will definitely watch this. I love documentaries so much."
