
  "So the obvious solution is make them wait 15 minutes instead of making booking agencies subject to similar laws? Not buying that regulatory concerns are the only thing at play here."
  "I'd almost be willing to pay more to avoid the junk mail"
  "That's definitely not the case as almost 100% of my purchases are directly from Amazon (I pretty much *only* order stuff either next-day or same-day, which is what makes Prime worth the cost)  I don't think Fedex or UPS offer Amazon the ability to pick up and deliver on the same day like the couriers do which I suspect is what sparked their move to break away from a UPS-only contract and move to multiple carriers."
  "  I've had $1000+ packages left on my porch with no knock on the door by UPS. Not requesting to have a signature on delivery for items with that high of a value is beyond stupid. UPS does not know what is inside of the box outside of what you place as the declared value."
  "The are big enough and tough enough to take on TWC and Comcast.
 Anyone technical might write you off, if you make the comparison. to be fair, anyone technical will write you off as soon as you tell them you have a degree in marketing and managment.... Calling Access a database, that one will put you into idiot territory thou"
  "This is true for FedEx Ground/Home Delivery since they are considered contractors. FedEx Express, however, hires couriers that get an hourly rate, regardless of how many packages they deliver."
  "obviouse add, don't fall for it, the company pushed looks a bit scamy as well."
 The only delivery service that really fails to deliver the packages to me.  "
  "Let me try a different approach...  What can you actually do ? Degree in marketing and managment, so.... what can you do ? You have no experiance in any industry, dispalyed by your lack of industry you want to work in. You have no practical skills, since your degrees are not, not .... let me try to find a kind discription here.... So, you are fresh out of collage, you have no idea what you want to do in real life, but you do know, that you want to get into upper managment. So you can be rich enough to start a non profit once you retire...  You have no clue about the real world. And seriously, I work as an engineer, if I got you, or someone similar, as a supervisor or someone that I'd have to give answers to, I would flat out quit. That makes me someone who does not have to deal with \"oh I have no clue about what im talking about, but I want to streamline this process\". Well to be fair, I also don't have children, which makes me mobil.... but well, you see my point. That does not speak well for your desire to get into upper managment. Nor mid level managment, even low level managment.
 UPS has always been higher in my experience. I'm sticking with FedEx for now. "
 Do you have trouble with your upline much?
 One order was reported missing but showed up a week late open and completely trashed.
 Practically everyone has to take time off of work to drive to their USPS office and pick up their packages while UPS and FedEx deliveries arrive with no issue. I cancel every order that comes through via USPS Smartpost because I don't want to waste my lunch break to pick up a $5 order."
 I work in a company that values experiance and skill, so I'm quite fine there. I get payed for the expertise and professionalism I bring to my position. And I also get respected for just that. You however, are a want to be big boss, so YOU have to be able to deal with people like that. And you do not win the respect of people like me, by being close to 30, beeing a wanna be top level executive, with NOTHING to show for. Btw, I actually can afford to quit a job for something bugging me enough. And that is a very very nice place to be in.
  "Nobody gives a shit if you do what you're supposed to do."
 Things happen, it's a busy season, and I get that. My problem is that when my mother went to get her money back on this guaranteed-overnight delivery, she was made aware of the fine print- the money-back guarantee is only valid if the package ends up being *more than 2 days late*. Again, I don't mind that the service wasn't stellar. But to be sold a guarantee only to find out that it's flimsy is extremely disappointing and I'm livid about it. \"Caveat emptor\" is not how I do business and it's not like how I like to be done business with."
  "USPS took 8 days to deliver a 2 day overnight package to me very recently. I do not have enough time to bark in the dark at the USPS who delivers consistently lousy service.
  "Here are some tips on how to get the longest life out of home or office carpeting. "
  "I'd put $50 on it with you unless they count packages that needed to be picked up at their office. Every fucking package gets sent there as undeliverable because of \"theft\". More like laziness since UPS and Fedex drop them when they aren't using Smartpost."
  "Yeah seriously check my post history. Maybe then you might see why I have nothing to show for it. Or not...either way your a douche who seems to think they have a grasp on other people.
  "I work with HolacracyOne, the company behind Holacracy. Roles are different from job titles in that they actually describe the work to be done, and most importantly, they are differentiated from the people filling them. In fact, one person can fill several roles in a team, or even in the company, at different levels. As an example, you can see our company structure at HolacracyOne: although it's accurate to say that there are no job titles and no managers, there are clearly defined roles. Those roles are organized in self-organizing teams (or \"circles\"), and those circles are organized in a holarchy (which is a type of hierarchy). There is quite a bit more to it than what you can read in the news article... in case you wanna learn more, we give a free webinar on Jan 9 that clarifies.
 (I also appreciate beeing told this way too)  Thing is, what I wrote should not make you feel bad. You want to get into managment, so, take it as a feedback. You will have to deal with, sometimes even more, hard to deal with people like me, in that field. You also need to find a way to make it work. I'm talking low level, small team managment here, since that will realisticly be the best you can get as an entry position. Seriously, be humble, talk to the guys you are managing in a way that makes them feel valued. And you will be amazed how well you can get along with those nerds, while your collegues are ripping their hair out. You can't go into it with the mindset of \"I want to get into upper managment\", go into it with the mindset of \"I want to do a good job, and I want to learn\", and you will be fine. I only have what I read in this thread to go on. So no, I do not presume to grasp you as a person. Neither should you take my comments as a personal attack.
  "The cost and waste involved in the printer ink and toner cartridges can be reduced using re-manufactured cartridges. "
 Amazon used USPS for all my Prime deliveries for all thanksgiving and black Friday orders because UPS decided to take black Friday and the subsequent weekend off. My black Friday orders arrived Saturday and Sunday. Now UPS want to use \"compressed holiday time\" and excessive shipments as an excuse. These idiots decided to take black Friday off! I hope this is a wake up call for them and I hope usps is revitalized, at least for their package shipment business."
  "You didn't make me feel bad or hurt my feelings. Seeing as how I don't work with you I don't have to pull punches or try to manage you. It is to manage the experts in a way that allows a company to reach its goals. You can't make ie to upper management or mid level management without a good team and learning from them. To learn how to get where I want. "
  "Well, since you rhetorically called me a 5 year old and an ass now, I think I can savely say, you are not the most diplomatic person either. Otherwise people will never respect you, and without respect, you can not do your job. Throwing arround phrases like that is the epitome of an empty suit. "
  "It doesn't mean they follow through on it. I've $500 Signature on Delivery items left at my door (value declared), and I've $5 non-signature items that they'd refuse to leave at the door. Sometimes I think they just flip a coin to decide what to do."
  "It'll be the 4th or 5th largest sports crowd in history.
 It's government run and designed to handle sudden shifts and changes. Beyond how some people want to believe, government handles stresses a LOT better than private business.
 Amazon was processing almost 500 orders PER SECOND the week leading up to Christmas. Plus all the other vendors that ship UPS and Fed Ex... Of course some packages are going to be late, the vast majority weren't. I think the fact that UPS and Fed Ex can handle the logistics necessary to deal with the increase in holiday volume is amazing. "
 I would really like to know why this happens.
 I think I will stick to clipping coupons."
 That little word \"should\" makes all the difference. Again, you'd still be wrong, because IMO and all the postal services is one of the most useful things a government can do, and ours happens to be done exceptionally well. "
  "Decide first if you want to get rich any old how, or if you want to create a startup that seeks to change the world. If you just want to get rich then I don't really have any advice for you, justget a job or watch Glengarry Glenross or something. **But** ... if you want to create a startup, read Paul Graham's treasure trove of past blog posts. It's a gold mine of wisdom for startup entrepreneurs. www.paulgraham.com  In particular read this as a one time successful founder onto my second startup)."
  "a great way to test market demand is to set up a \"billboard\" webpage (with email registration), and launch a very cheap (less than $5.00 per day for one month days) Google AdWords campaign. pick your best idea or two and see which one delivers the most response."
  "And Folks, this is why I try to get my presents shipped a week earlier than Christmas or even sooner. Also, it's nice to get it out of the way"
  "Certs are normally a post grad thing, just something I would focus on instead of an MBA.
 In all seriousness, the only thing I would say is I hope you see that you can't judge someone because they are different then you.
  "They supply benefits to consumers and sellers alike Most brick and mortar retail businesses offer Exchange Gift Card however thus do dozens of on-line gift Card sites. "
 Time to toss you and rest of the shills outta here!"
 I work at UPS and we put high priority on postal because it's a huge government contract"
 I tried to send a package into Queens, NY last summer. They claim they attempted to deliver it. Prior to that, I spend about an hour and a half waiting for someone to answer the phone at the location in Queens where the package was located. The local USPS location where I mailed it from pretty much offered no help and left me on my own to figure out to threaten to file a claim.
 We are a highly focused and specialized team of investment, marketing, leasing and management professionals at your full disposal so you can focus on what matters most. "
  "Amazon doesn't guarantee any carrier only the estimated ship date."
  "Did you have a contract with FedEx or ups? Standard discounted rated is lower than parcel post with USPS."
  "More like ups and FedEx using the post office for the expensive end delivery."
 And can't beat about $17 for two day delivery for whatever I can cram into a pretty good sized box."
  "If you sent it Priority Mail, it should take 2-3 business days.
  "Quickad.co  Free classified in india used for buying and sale old and new mobile phone in India.
  "We've assembled the brightest and most qualified team of  team of healthcare real estate professionals to provide unparalleled service to the physicians, healthcare executives and investors who serve the healthcare needs of residents of Florida. "
  "We pride ourselves in taking care of our customers; whether it is a single bouquet, a vase from our gift shop or an entire weddings worth of flowers, it's our pleasure to work with you. You can call at (914) 288-6023 and fax at (866) 314-9739. You can send mail at info@realpropertymgt.com. For more details, visit www.westchester.realpropertymgt.com"
  "They should take a full-page advt boasting their record and asking for Patriotic Americans to try out USPS. "
 USPS should hire a lobbyist and also publicity to blitz advertise on their excellent record and to ask \"patriotic\" Americans to utilize USPS."
 Arkk Solutions provides remarkable modified solutions for your financial data for you to change your statutory accounts into ixbrl. The company also offers XBRL taggingso that you can tag and categorize your data into different groups. Log on to Arkk Solutions website and find out more about managing ixbrl accounts through us.  "
  "USPS needs to get lobbyists, and also appeal to citizen's patriotism via a concerted small business campaign. Then specify that USPS \"You\" to write to your senator/congressman to stop starving USPS so that the 200 year old institution started by Benjamin Franklin can survive.
 When the USPS missed their delivery, a \"Left Note\" status was attached to the tracking number despite them not even attempting a delivery."
  "Wobees offers free classified posting in UAE and its local area including Dubai, Abu Dhabi and Al Ain.
  "Google wantrepreneur and see how much of those traits you can identify with and how to fix them. Oversaturated niches are often a great way to go if you can bring in higher quality product and/or lower prices. Make a list of your skills and interests and see which of them can be applied toward providing goods and services.
 For information on best quality of Control Pest please visit www.pestcontrolindia.com. For more details about Commercial Pest Control in India please visit www.pestcontrolindia.com."
  "I'm curious about your costs going down... Do you only ship very small lightweight items? Because FedEx and UPS are definitely cheaper per pound than the USPS."
 even better for you. one of the biggest reasons new businesses fail is because the business is unable to pay the salary of the founder, and the founder is forced to go back and get a j.o.b.. (i.e. one of my most trusted associates had this advice for me:  1.  find something you enjoy. 2.  find a way to improve it for one person. (often yourself)  3.  if it works for one person, it probably works for many people. keep improving whatever it is you are doing. if you spam a lot, you might make a billion dollars like zuckerberg. i am just saying, spamming worked for zuckerberg -- who was simply trying to crete an \"online yearbook\", reference to my opinion about \"higher education\": it only makes sense if it's essentially free, as it should be.)"
  "Power straightener is designed to speed, torque and power adjustments that are necessary for high speed stamping and light material applications. Durantco offers quality coil straighteners at very cheap rates in the United States with free shipping."
  "Get fully licensed and insured limo hire in Manchester at Earls Limousines. We provide affordable limousines for all occasions and events. Make your reservation now for a care free travel experience! "
  "Motonews.ru -   ,      ,   , ,      "[How to Make Money on YouTube by Selling Your "[How to Make Money Online through Affiliate "I'm guessing you ship really small packages? It costs me $9.88 to ship a 2lb package to a residence on the west coast with USPS and $8.75 with FedEx. The difference increases as the weight goes up. I ship about 2000 packages a week.
 Let's say your average order value is $500. If you ship 1000 orders you would need at least 2 of them to go missing to recoup your cost. I can say from experience that the actual number that go missing is well below 0.2%."
 They regularly lose mail i send out at work and return mail saying the address is bad when its not. I hate USPS."
 Small, high-value packages: most orders in a 7x5x2 inch padded envelope weighing circa 1-3 ounces. Larger orders, even totalling $thousands, easily fit within a 6x4x4 box and rarely exceed one pound in weight. Cost to ship for the padded envelope ranges $1.69 to $1.86 and comes with free Delivery Confirmation service  same rate to ALL ZONES, including Alaska and Hawaii, with no bullshit distinction between so-called 'Business' and 'Residential' addresses. You should definitely find that impressive. The corners of those small flat-rate Priority Mail 'video-mailer' boxes would be ripped open and the contents stolen, but marked as \"damaged in transit\". We switched to UPS, who were so crassly self-serving I grew to really hate them. For example, mandatory $20/week \"pickup fees\" even though I didn't need pickups, as I would drop off my shipping at my private mailbox place every day. And constant rate re-adjustments on each parcel after the fact for purported gas cost increases and obscure addresses (I forget the actual term used), but something like 2 out of 3 original shipping charges would be increased by sneaky add-ons tacking roughly $1.50-$2.00 extra onto almost every parcel's cost by the time the ~weekly~ invoice arrived (they refused to bill monthly) each of which invoices had to be paid within 10 days or you'd get hit with a 5% penalty fee. They just never seemed to give a fuck about anything other than their own advantage. One tip, told me by a USPS employee: Priority Mail is pretty much a total waste of money. It's the same as First Class, they just charge more for it.. unless you have a very heavy shipment which can fit inside a flat-rate mailer, then it pays. Thus far there's been zero theft, everything just works like a charm. As long as I generally don't need to visit an actual brickmortar post office itself, which feels akin to perhaps buying a loaf of bread in the former Soviet Union, all is well. Don't forget that for all its woes, the US Postal Service was chartered with a mandate to always only break even financially. It is not allowed to turn a profit.
  "I hope that this nonsense about \"you're not truly American/Canadian/etc until you give up your original citizenship\" will eventually go away.
 But I do understand some concern if the position had some diplomatic power like Secretary of State. But for Federal Reserve, they can screw up the economy, but anyone can do that, duel citizenship wouldn't matter. "
  "Fantastic article, the author gets it!! Understanding what drives a brand, and how to use the true customer experience (in-the-moment) will make good companies GREAT and GREAT companies EXCEPTIONAL! Artful Decisions....Looking forward to see where you go!!"
  "That's particularly stupid, because giving up your original citizenship doesn't immediately change your opinions about your original country. *If* you were an evil agent of that country, bent on destroying the US, you'd just give up your citizenship to that country, technically, in order to serve your goals. Forcing them to do so in order to \"prove\" their allegiance doesn't actually ensure any loyalty to the US, it merely is a severe annoyance to those that *aren't* evil double agents."
  "\"Fischer, a dual-citizen of the U.S. and Israel, served as the head of Israels central bank for eight-years before stepping down on June 30 of this year.\" Even if we strike out the ~~a dual-citizen of the U.S. and Israel~~ how can this not be considered a serious conflict of interest?"
 We help you find the right office solution in cities like New York  Toronto."
 He got the job because it was felt that he handled the recession very well as head of the Canadian Central Bank."
 Businesses pay into an unemployment fund from which unemployment is disbursed to individuals. However, the amount a business pays is probably linked to the unemployment status of their own workers."
  "Correct, a percentage of their wages paid contribute to unemployment, though they may pay higher if a large percentage of their workers become unemployed."
 Source: my wife is going on unemployment, even though she was going to stop working soon anyways, as a fuck you to her old boss/owner of the business."
  "Sounds like Grandma wasn't crazy for hiding money in her couch after all. "
 When will we get an OBamaLetMeLivETheLifeOfRichPeopleByStickingMyHandOut?"
  "Why do people think /r/business it the place to post political blogspam tangentially related to business?"
  "I buy lots of stuff off eBay, so that maybe a place to start. "
 I would take the bus to work. They scheduled me on Sunday mornings which I would have been happy to oblige but there was no bus running at that time (either Sunday or that early, I don't remember).
  "Euh... Upper management positions are not filled nor attained from 3-semester schooling, not without being extraordinary or without having extraordinary connections. So either be the former or get the latter."
  "The obvious strategy to sell anything online is to have a catchy online presence such as a website/webpage made. That website/webpage should also be e-commerce-enabled/have an online store i.e. people can use their credit cards, Paypal accounts etc. to purchase whatever the website is selling. When you have such a website, you need to get lots of people to visit it (get traffic for the site). You can read the many articles on how to get traffic to your site online and try doing it yourself if you have time and would like to learn different online marketing methods or get help from an internet marketing company. If you are hiring services of an online marketing firm, then you must ensure the internet marketing company you select uses best online marketing practices, not black-hat online marketing techniques or you will get your website penalized by Google - which will drastically decrease your chances of getting traffic to your website/e-store. I know a bit about all this because I myself have been doing sales/marketing writing for over a decade now, writing for different online marketing firms as well, and my sincere suggestion to you would be to go for a marketing firm that has a track record of increasing online sales of their clients using best practices if you find marketing your site online yourself time-consuming and/or difficult. As Penisoftheorange suggests above, eBay would definitely be another place to start for me.
  "Because when a company takes money out of an employees check for unemployment it belongs to the employee even after they leave.
  "If the business owner in this situation had seen a post like this, they might have known better than to fight this type of claim specifically, and generally had an epiphany about the importance of being considerate and accommodating of workers' basic needs. Since workers do the work in business I don't see how this is tangential to business at all."
  "It is a pyramid scheme because to make any money, you've got to sign other people up. To make more money, they have to sign people up. The more people you sign up and the more people they sign up, the more money you make. Yes they do offer services, but many of these you can find for free without ever having to pay. And also many of these will go unused by the people that sign up. Eventually, everyone I know that has gotten involved in WUN, finds out (on their own) that it is not a sustainable model for income, and they get out. It will make money for you in the short term, but the amount of money made is nowhere near the effort you have to put in to get it. In fact, if you put just as much effort into bettering yourself or into a real job, you'll make more and get more out of life. WUN is just a ridiculous short term pyramid scheme that just happens to have a somewhat legitimate side to keep the authorities away."
  "The slower it goes the more likely it is to get lost or damaged. That being said the majority of what we send is via media mail."
  "pretty common practice to build seller rating"
 Aside from the general psychological effect of making the seller more appealing/trustworthy to buyers, are there any concrete benefits of such a practice, such as a ranking boost akin to search engine optimization for example?"
  "As a former farm kid that has seen a lot of success, let me make a farm analogy for you. To get to the barn, you have to step in some shit. My only advice, if you believe that you are the game changer you are trying to come across as, find a small business and stick with it for 4-5 years while it grows and has success.
  "Small business (with the right relationships) is where people can show real growth, adaptation and knowledge. Going to a big corporation it wouldn't matter if you are God, if they hire you to open the door for the janitor that's the cookie cutter you fit into.
 Imagine that you have a book in your hands and there are lots of pages on the left side and lots of pages on the right side. This is the book of your life and its a very large book. Every page on the left side of this book is your past.
 The only thing that I would add is that over the next couple of decades as we see the price of \"higher education\" balloon out of control people will be turning to real-world knowledge/application and certifications and away from \"college\" as we know it today."
 University education is failing our students and does not get them ready for professional life. Certifications are the key, most top notch firms will reimburse you for passing them which is highly valuable. "
  "To clarify, providing free shipping automatically gives the seller a 5 star rating in the \"shipping\" section of the feedback evaluation. "
  "I was reading an editorial in my local paper today, and it was very interesting how the editor thought that when the times get tough, the tough take to the couch."
  "First, you have a bit of a good start by simply having the incentive to post here. Ultimately your success depends upon many things but without an inner drive (aka \"passion\"). Second, you must gain the trust and confidence of those who are senior to you in the organization that you work in. This is not easy and requires a lot of time and dedication to make it work. And third (there are many others), I think that being honest, having moral courage, and truthful will also help turn you into a leader that you ultimately want to be.
  "[How to Make Money Online Marketing Your Products and "When the chip and pin first came out the credit cards claimed they couldn't be copied and were refusing to cover fraudulent purchases made with chip and pin. They quickly changed their mind when the media ran stories of a bunch of people who had their cards copied.
  "I've been harassed by sellers who post good deals like these. They want you to fill out surveys and give them good ratings. Some will ask for it until you post a good rating. Some have gone as far as offering a refund or discount on the product after you post a good rating for the seller and product.
  "It makes me cringe to think that somewhere out there there are people working for basically slave wages so that Americans can have cheap hourglasses for our Boggle games."
  "Why would it be conflict of interest though? Western central banks generally have shared interests and philosophies, and often act together. And this isn't the first cross-over of a central banker -- Mark Carney, former head of Bank of Canada, now leads Bank of England."
 I worked for a retailer that had an eBay store and we sold like 20% of items at a small loss or no profit. "
  "This isn't much different than buying pretty much anything from stores like Walmart, except that it is less efficient. Does that make you cringe? "
  "The fucking chinese cheat so bad. the best was when this company selling fake goods shipped me a jersey 2 months late, and tried to blame it on Hurricane Sandy, even though the hurricane was before I ordered. I needed the jerseys to take to south america, which has unreasonably high import tariffs, not to mention shipping would be additional $50 bones. I filed a complaint with paypal and they sided with me and issued an immediate refund for the entire order. however this is the clever part, those fucking chinese bastards threatened to smash my credit by sending my info to a collection agency. They refused to answer the dispute on paypal, and would only communicate with me directly saying stuff like, ''do you know what happens to americans whose credit gets smashed? they can't find jobs, get bad rates on their mortgages, and can't apply for credit, and will have a hard time getting insurance\"...which was all true. I wasn't gonna let these punks who fucked up the order bully me around, so I told them what happened to chinese fuckers who lose money on behalf of the company, get fired, cause embarrassment and shame, not to mention I was gonna report their agency to whatever US and Chinese Federal Trade Commissions there are (I think I found like 4 or 5 of em). anyways, after responding to his, \"I'm gonna fuck up your life\" with my own \"I'm gonna fuck up your life\", he was more motivated to play ball. Initially he offered me a credit towards my next purchase...yea right...then tried offering me a 10% discount...yea right....but after I told him I had a 100% discount already we settled on only having to pay for half the order. I prolly could've gotten the whole thing for free cause, but I was paranoid about my credit being smashed and having to go through the hassle of getting it fixed. ever since then I refuse to buy anything from China. They're fucking economic cheaters and they don't play fair at all. *EDIT I love how I'm getting down voted for refusing to purchase goods from a country that doesn't respect patents, infringes on copy-writes, and manipulates the value of their currency at the expense of other consumers and businesses willing to create some sort of globalized standard"
  "You know, in many countries, Chinese government sets up these big warehouses where local wholesalers can come to look for Chinese goods to resell. I saw them myself in several African countries.
  "can they actually send your info to credit agencies if you were ripped off on ebay? "
  "The economy is only smoking crack in a drunken stupor."
 Saying that the Chinese are working for \"slave wages\" is akin to saying that Americans are working for \"slave wages\" because factory work in Norway pays $40/hour minimum. A factory job pays _a multiple_ of what farm work they would otherwise be doing pays. It's a huge jump up in earnings. And this is why they literally get thousands of applicants for a few open positions.  "
 Should I refuse to buy anything from Florida? Maybe refuse to buy anything American? I'm going to boycott all human-run businesses!"
  "Seems like a highly spurious threat."
  "A debt collection agency goes after those who don't pay credit... i.e. someone gave them goods / services in advance of being paid. They don't (and probably can't) go after someone who refunds a paypal purchase. They don't even have your information to do that. Go report their harassment to paypal and ebay, and leave a bad review."
 But the thing is they did have all my information, First and Last name, as well as my shipping address which is where I lived. That's enough for them to smash your credit"
 Otherwise jilted lovers and pranksters could easily ruin people's credit willy-nilly.
 I work in an American factory and have always felt much pain in buying goods that were manufactured overseas since I assume their working conditions are worse than mine. So I usually buy Union mad American made goods. Most of my clothes have my union logo on them (because I support my union), but it more so serves the purpose that I know my $10 shirt was made by an american worker supported by a textile labor union that my union is affiliated with. To imagine a Chinese factory as a step up in their jobs economy is a bit mind boggling. I'd love to learn more. I don't consider my $30/hr to be slave labor, even knowing that in Norway a factory worker like me is making $40/hr.
  "It can be that easy. You're not giving best buy your ssn when you buy a 5K tv are you?"
  "Pizza Hut reinvents HR...   Would Mr Amos turn any applicant away? I didn't hire her."
 is there a way to know if credit agencies have been notified? you should, theoretically at least, be allowed to defend yourself on that issue (but then again that is what paypal's chargeback is for and it clearly isnt enough). that didnt go anywhere but i was afraid he might try something like this"
  "Wait, where do you get American-made clothing?"
 My guess would be to go apply for a credit card, or do a credit check and see if something comes up. you gotta be real careful on ebay who you buy from. A guy can have 100,000 sales and like 60 negatives in the last month and still have a 99.9% rating. I encourage everyone to read the negative comments carefully, and strongly consider what other people have said before making a purchase cause often time it will give you an indication how the seller will behave should shit hit the fan"
  "Keep in mind not everything is sold for a profit... They might just be using it to build reputation, or even liquidating an over supply. Also, most Americans have a hugely inflated opinion of what items actually cost to manufacture... 80% of what you pay for items goes to the middle men who shuffle the crap from factory to your door."
  "I buy through the United Steelworker's online clothes shop, which guarantees to only sell union-American made products. Here's the love the quality of the stuff. I can't find the same toughness in shirts in stores as the shirts I buy from them, they just last longer and don't rip/wear out fast.
 Were they just trying to clear up inventory space?"
 Please try to do your part to stop the spread of this contagion."
  "They need a social security number for any of the credit agencies to be able to put it on your credit profile. Any time you buy on credit, you need to give the lender your SS for this reason. If they don't pay their rent, I'll need it to ruin their credit. "
  " You can look at historical incomes in China and the breakdown between rural pay and factory pay. China is the only country in modern history to double their per capita income in only 1 generation - in large part thanks to this migration from subsistence farming to factory work. When you can barely afford enough rice to eat, those factory jobs are a lifesaver. In fact, many of the workers who have these factory jobs pay enough not just to provide for themselves, but also for their extended families. On paper,they get paid a lot less than US workers, but Chinese rural areas are very low cost. The biggest difference for a Chinese factory worker is that they will often come from some rural area, get a job in a factory, and live in factory dorms. And they have mega-cafeterias that feed 10,000 workers/hour and dorms that house those 100,000 workers. It's like a big college campus. They are there to make as much money as the can. They save up enough money to buy houses back home, put their kids through university, etc. They also jump around from factory to factory, trying to get jobs at the places that pay the most and have the easiest work - just as all workers do. (For example, if you told them you're quitting in a 2 weeks to go back home, some employers took it as a chance to not give you your last paycheck because they knew you would be gone in 2 weeks.)
 I don't see any other country subsidising purchases by foreign nationals like this. They want to destroy all competition from thousands of miles away. "
 I never buy anything online unless I can make a purchase through paypal. I trust them more than my own bank"
  "Regular retail stores use this model as well."
  "Per capita is an average spread across an entire population. Sam Walton's heirs, the WalMart family  a mere 11 persons  own more wealth between them than 40% of the United States population combined: Similar wealth distribution is the Chinese norm as well, if not even more so."
  "Or maybe the US and EU should wise up and start subsidizing international shipping costs, as it would directly feed the economy."
 Kinda weird side-effect to inadvertently advertise his business.
 Don't get what you mean by your first sentence... "
  "It probably takes a grand total of 15 seconds to hand assemble one of these things. That means a single worker can make 240+ an hour... if they profit 25 cents each, that means that worker is producing $60 an hour profit.
  "To also state the obvious here, externalized factors such as resource extraction, energy consumption for manufacture and transport, as well as pollution and other environmental damage, are not factored into the true cost of this product."
  "But a $1000 3D printer can print it for (almost) free in just 39 minutes. EDIT: In case it wasn't clear, I was being sarcastic. If those of you who downvoted me understood that I was being sarcastic, please give me a compelling case for consumer 3D printing being a disruptive technology. I have read hundreds of articles on it and have yet to hear one."
  "Please watch Last Train Home. It looks like it will be [streaming online again in about 1  It talks about the social costs involved. After you watch it, read the film updates/etc. I think you will like it. They come to the USA illegally, work for a few years to save up as much money as possible, and then go back to their countries....  "
  "Yeah, and they can't breathe their air, eat their crops, or drink their water. [Chinese Air Pollution Deadliest in World, Report Says] Says 8 Million Acres Of Farmland Now Too Polluted For   [If You Think Chinas Air Is "Also, sometimes buyers sell dollar items just to boost their ratings."
  "Influencing the exchange rate might be one of the places to start."
  "...and you'll get it in three months."
  "I watch this sub to learn about business to avoid just that. What do you think are some measures a middle class person can do to avoid being squeezed downwards? It's a fear of mine that as the middle class falls I too will be buried in the landslide despite my best efforts to save and make solid investments."
 I will definitely watch this. I love documentaries so much."