
  "Yes, I won't get into what.
  "I feel like giving this a try, but I just don't know"
  "You do a lot of responding for someone who doesn't waste their time on people like me."
 It's not particularly exciting but taking a decent chunk off your mortgage can be quite beneficial for your long term happiness. We put out a small suitcase at the reception that my wife had decorated which we took with us when we departed. It was a day time wedding so we left at 4pm and had plenty of time and energy left to do the deed in the wedding dress before sitting around drinking champagne, eating cake and counting a suitcase full of money while giggling like school kids. I'm not sure how buying something from a store is more personal but anyway... We stuck to our guns, reinforced that we absolutely did not need anything and asked them to include a card that expressed how they felt so we got a lot of lovely messages from people."
  "Oh, and I look at their smile first. Because grumpy face is ugly."
  "So you truly don't enjoy the peaceful, tranquil solitude of mounting a shitter in a vacant bathroom? "
  "I also feel like I'm forced to pay attention and so I retain more while physically reading as opposed to listening to someone read to me"
  "When I have to pay for something in cash, and they can't break a $100 bill."
  "Like someshygirl said, libraries still provide a lot of services that the internet can never provide. Including providing free internet. My local library hosted a comic book convention last year that was one of the most successful and we'll attended events that they have ever hosted.
  "Ermm, I think that would mean that the breath changes the pH of the object or substance..."
  "Turning on the correct light switch.. god damn it."
  "Literally, anything positive that you can force yourself to do everyday (or at least often). Too many people make plans for the New Year, only to fall short of them because they lack the proper motivation. You wanna take up crocheting? Awesome, send me some mittens. Cool, let's build a website together. PM me, and we can keep each other on track. People have literally made websites where you can [find new things to you choose to better yourself mentally or physically, just do something to better yourself. Any progress is forward progress."
  " Show me a minimum wage worker that will argue against a minimum wage increase because it would potentially be to the detriment of the company they work for. Likewise, if McDonalds and all of the other fast food joints told their employees who's getting laid off should a minimum wage increase be instated, guess who's not voting for that? Of course anybody wants a wage increase when they're under the assumption that they still keep their job."
  "I thought that getting a Tootsie Pop wrapper with the Indian holding a star arrow would get me a free Tootsie Pop."
  "It's almost like two different positions can have different merits.
 There have been several times that my husband has made me laugh so hard that I get to a point where I quite literally can't breathe. He's just a funny guy, and he creates some really weird and disturbing impressions that just make me lose it. Especially when we're in bed for the night. "
 Beautiful (amazingly beautiful) little fish but can be hard to keep. not sure..) eat copepods which can be a hard thing to keep up in marine tanks to a level that keeps the little guys happy. Marine tanks are a time and money sink...hard to say which drains faster. I do just freshwater for that exact reason though.
 I read Delivered from Distraction, and it kind of put things into perspective for me, about finding areas of life where my ADHD would be an advantage rather than something to hold me back. Hence, I work in a restaurant. I really get into the writing.
  "Doesn't matter, you're still entitled to those things and you certainly didn't earn them."
  "Get real drunk and make mistakes.
  "I agree that if we are to have a min wage, it should be tied to inflation or else like you said it would fall in real value every year. I think it should be able to cover just enough for shelther and food IF you are living smart. This means, no extras such as cable tv (admittingly some sort of internet should be part of the min), no data plan for your cell, basic clothes, 1 ply toilet paper, etc. Of course depending on the city, we would probabbly need to adjust the minimum wage for that as well since the cost of living for each city can vastly vary. The problem of increasing min wage so much that people can afford luxuries creates an allocation problem. Lets use the extreme example of saying some how the left gets min wage such that someone can afford a small house, with a wife and 2 kids. Well shit, if that is the case, there is going to be a rush for anyone to get the easiest jobs possible because for many, that is all they want in life. Now the medium hard jobs that paid this much before the min wage increase will now see a shortage because all of the people who were working those jobs went to the easy jobs. The issue here is that people tend to be rational in the sense, they look at effort and reward. Every rational person would want to get the most reward for the least effort. This is also why communism will never work. "
 My only regret is relying on spellcheck too much. Remember you can always PAY to take art later."
  "Your son was hit and kill by car.
  "Supernatural season 5 episode 8.
  "My wife almost broke down into tears one time watching an episode of that show. It was a Halloween episode and Honey Boo Boo made some comment about how she loved that people dressed up as her for Halloween because it made her feel like people really liked her. Nearly made my wife cry to think that one day she will realize that people don't dress up as her for that reason, but instead because they think its funny."
  "Price is set by supply and demand. The supply curve is *heavily* dependent on cost. Having this stuff be intuitive to you is really valuable in life and will pop up all over the place."
 Warp drive gets discovered, and then the 'neighbors' show up to say hello when they detect the warp signature.  "
 The nice quiet guy gets hurt easily by rejection from a girl and he is less likely to ask out a girl he likes out for fear of further rejection. Meanwhile that asshole guy no one likes always gets a girl because he does not care about rejection and asks a lot of girls out. Moral: don't let one rejection keep you from asking someone else out.  "
  "I hear ya.
 I'll be sure to check it out."
  "^__[Verified]__: ^/u/BigKev47 ^- ^/u/Scott-H-Young __^K3 ^kiloDoges__nbsp;^__($1.272)__ ^you ^find ^my ^services ^helpful, ^consider ^giving ^me ^reddit "Which would cause an increase in prices  Care to explain why? **Increasing the minimum wage for cashiers will hardly cause an increase in prices to someone like Wal-Mart, Target, Costco etc. **  I challenge you to present logic, reason and/or evidence to support your claim. This is a more reasonable way to make an argument. Again, you can convince other people with evidence and/or reasoned logic."
  "But the only people you can get to work in your shitty job for the shitty wages you want to pay are the desperate. Employers would love to hire Ivy graduates to be shift managers at the local Greasy Beef Ona Bun, but they can't get 'em to."
  "Chill out and stay calm, cool and collected. "
 I can use my knowledge and experience for good if I choose to."
  "You know, I never saw advice like this floating around reddit until *after* I got first hand experience.
  "...Orrrr maybe I'll just move away from this damn thing and not tell anyone. "
  "Just check your baggage at the door. "
  "Im sorry to hear that :(, have you kept in touch with the kid? Also have you kept touch with your friend? Do you plan on seeing him when he gets out?"
 If you cannot cultivate love within yourself, you cannot expect others to nurture it for you. "
  "\"American\" and \"Entitlement\" go hand in hand, that's why.
 You can't beat it. "
  "In my chapter of Lambda Lambda Lambda we had to compete in the Greek games and then perform in a computer driven musical. Poindexter and I became became best friends and we were ultimately able to beat the Alpha Betas and take control of the Greek Council."
  "It used to be that Seattle buses could possibly be in \"pay as you enter' mode, OR \"pay as you exit\" mode, depending on if you were heading toward or away from the \"free ride zone\" downtown. Now they got rid of the free ride zone, so it's always pay as you enter, exit from the back. (Oh yeah except for after 7pm where the driver is instructed to not open the back door for anyone.)"
  "depends on how I died.....but probably Saturday in the park - "My printer hates me"
  "You did something dumb and now you're trying to back away from it so you don't look like a complete neanderthal.
  "Flipping the question around, why is there a mentality that EVERY job SHOULD present a \"liveable\" wage? All you have to do to make more money is convince a business owner or manager that hiring you at $X an hour will benefit the business financially. But most people complaining about being stuck at minimum wage cannot make this argument. Instead, they simply say \"tell me where to be and what to do for 8 hours a day and sign my paycheck for $X\". \"Because I'm a human being and I feel I am entitled to that.\"  Why are you entitled to that? If you can answer that question with reason and logic rather than an appeal to emotion, you won't have to work for minimum wage."
 The thing most people don't consider when arguing that minimum wage should be raised is that when you raise minimum wage, the cost of living goes up with it. Companies don't have endless money, and they will always put profit margins first. So, they will either cut the hours of their current employees in an attempt to provide the same service with less labor and/or raise their prices to compensate for their raised labor expenses. So, sure, if all the cashiers who were previously making $8/hr were suddenly making $15/hr, they'd be getting a higher dollar amount for their time spent but they will either lose hours or end up spending more when they need to buy something due to raised prices."
 I don't even remember what I was laughing at, but I waddled my way on out of there."
  "I once had a tile job at an olympic runners house, one day during lunch I picked up a running magazine he had and I distinctly remember it saying you should be nearly 'falling over forward'(not hunched, but not straight up)   Obviously just because he was in the olympics doesn't mean the magazine was right/wrong but thought I'd name drop anyway.
 I'm an extremely emotional person and I don't even do that."
 Some people believe that there is a place called heaven and hell where you go if you are good or bad and some people think that you may come back as something else. I got good results from him and he actually seems to favor the reincarnation belief."
  "I just think it's stupid that people waste time bitching about this stuff. The top wealthiest people in this country have been increasing their profits while the rest of America continues to bend over backwards for them. People need to be educated on whats going on, learn how to organize and band together to take out the people that are hoarding all the countries wealth. What if we got together and stopped purchasing items from certain store chains like walmart? What if we got together and voted for people who would separate government and big corporations? I see all these great ideas.... but not a single fucking thing can get done because no one knows how to organize."
  "I like turtles. I do like turtles.
  "It never ceases to amaze me how insufficient an understanding the general public has about supply and demand. Almost everything in your life, no matter where you live, is governed by this economic principle. I can count on one hand the number of times I even heard this concept mentioned in my grade school education before I went to college as an economics major. The fact that Shakespeare was held in higher regard than economics in my high school education is something I will never understand.
  "Yeah, that's why I tend to avoid stuff like that. You'll get attention though."
  "That looked like shit"
 When I'm driving, I stop for people to cross  they just stand on the corner  stare at me  as a pedestrian, cars don't stop at all. I have to drive through one every day  it's awful. "
  "Oh, always learning something new.. Altough I drive bigger cars with only sideview mirrors, so can't really do that. I need to see the road too..."
 Or was I supposed to just sit back and admire the ignorant rhetoric? "
  "Just because burgers are flipped full time doesn't make it worth $15/hr."
  "gonna have to agree with you there, a messy room is ok as long as it's just clothing and simple stuff.. but when you're growing science projects because you're too fucking lazy to clean up your food dishes and the like thats just foul and unhealthy."
  "It's amazing how often you see this."
  "They are currently in a one-month \"extremely lowered search results\" penalty phase. Adding \"site:rapgenius.com\" gets them back to the first page of results.
  "I would just like to let you know about /r/whowouldwin, a great subreddit for this kind of stuff.
  "My dog, an Australian Shepherd, won't eat if you're looking at her. But, if you do watch her without her knowledge, she takes several pieces of food, carries them in her mouth, then she goes and hides them. I guess she's scared someone's gonna steal her food."
  "A Serbian Film because I'm sick like that "
  "Wanting a replica penis inside your anus makes you gay in my opinion.
  "Get a sketchbook and a pencil and teach yourself to draw. Do a few (fast) sketches every day, copying an image or a photo. It'll start out pretty embarrassing, but you'll improve more quickly than you'd think, and, within a few months, you'll surprise yourself.
 It annoys me when I see someone not squatting deep enough."
  "Pro-tip on blind spots-adhesive fishbowl mirrors can bought for very cheap at Walmart. They are fantastic and eliminate all blind spot in my honda. "
  "That's what we'd all like to hope happens.
  "wait.... then... how do you get rid of it after you're done?..."
  "Believe it or not, a pepper grinder. It does still work, but has been retired because it no longer grinds quite as well as it used to.
  "So if your boss decided tomorrow to pay you $1 an hour you would be okay with that?
 Very taboo to try it, unfortunately, but it's awesome!"
  "\"It's difficult to be on defense when the other team's coach won't tell you their play before the snap.\""
  "Yeah that makes no sense. I mean, I'd be incredibly surprised to find out there was sentient life on our neighboring planet, but that wouldn't do anything but reaffirm my atheism. "
 It spends it on infrastructure and education and things that pay for themselves a generation down the line -- rather than a family dinner at TGIF and a ticket to NASCAR. The \"public\" deserves my money because they can do a better job with it than I can?
  "Budgeting only goes so far when the job won't pay a living wage. When my sister was working minimum wage, she was buying only store brand everything, only as much as she needed, and still had to apply for food stamps. They're poor because they aren't paid enough to survive on Price Rite brand bread and pinto beans. "
  "You probably watch too much Star Trek."
 The airline did give him a lot of good stuff including free tickets so I guess it was worth it"
  "Nothing says \"I'm a capable human being!\" quite like cooking a steak for your date"
 If I haven't masurbated in a while, or am feeling sexually peckish, doesn't take much to get a boner. Interestingly, I'm more likely to accidentally get a boner by picturing said girl naked than if she were to brush up against my penis. When I make accidental contact with women, I get too focused on not being creepy about it to get aroused by it."
  "We actually have 2 roundabouts in the netherlands where people coming onto the roundabout have right of way, lovely confusion when people do not get that (traffic lights regulate flow onto one of them)"
  "Fish store employee here.
  "Ugh, I try so hard, but I can only make water with chicken bits and noodles. I even started spaghetti noodles on fire.  "
  "You know Reddit won't let you get away with saying that without massive downvoting. "
  "I would *love* to read that, sir."
  "maybe some (full-time) jobs require less than an average (full-time) liveable-wage job does - it could be an option if you dont need as much money (or split expenses) and instead go for something less requiring. seems like a viable system for me. now, then problem is when *every* full time job, or the average dont pay a liveable wage, then there's something broken."
 It exhausts me to wade through all the bullshit associated with meeting new people, although I have to occasionally force myself to in order to make long lasting relationships. Having a large repertoire of acquaintances doesn't interest me whatsoever.
  "[Harry Potter Books Spark Rise in Satanism Among "My very picky friend who refuses to eat vegetables recently discovered she can make her greasy fast food tacos \"healthier\" by putting some iceberg lettuce on them."
  "Kim Jong wins sexiest man alive.
  "A tail like a monkey's just think of what we could accomplish with essentially an extra arm which can be wrapped around our waist sayain style when not in use."
  "You can't turn a ho into a housewife.
 My boss, project manager, and two head mechanics are polish. Now I can know for sure."
 Buy a space heater or two and a nice thick blanket and you won't ever have to run the heat again.
  "No actually, you can't fire people for just anything (and get away with it). Even though it says you can be fired for any reason, people still have a right to file a suit for wrongful termination, and they do all the time. Right to work states a little more lax on this subject (I'm not really up on the difference) but you obviously can't fire someone because they're black and claim this."
  "What I don't get is - if the past sexual history of the victim is reasonable to consider to decide if they are credible - they why isn't the past sexual history of the accused considered as well? It seems an extremely illogical double standard. To directly address your question - I think the jury should be allowed to consider all reliable evidence, and the weight they choose to give it should be up to them. Only evidence which is unreliable should be excluded - things like lie-detectors, jail-house snitches, eye-witness identification (of people they never saw before, or just glimpsed) etc. If they can not be trusted with the all the reliable evidence available - then how can you trust them to decide with less than all the evidence? If you feel they are so unreliable that their emotions will determine the verdict rather than their reason - then why would you think they would be more likely to reach the correct verdict when they have less than all the evidence?"
  "Some girl will get looser. Most girls will be able to fit a lot more after giving birth, but that doesn't necessarily mean they'll be looser. Being loose has more to do with how strong her muscles are than how far she can potentially stretch. Some women will actually get tighter after child birth, not because they have smaller vaginas, but because they start working out their pelvic floor muscles which they had never done prior to giving birth."
  "When I was young, I really wanted to play with my little sister (maybe 1 year old). So I climbed up on a chair and tried to pull her out by her arm, and ended up pulling her shoulder right out of its socket. Pretty gross, but I just wanted to play with my little sister!
 Now I'm \"fat\" but idk how far our of shape I am."
  "do you really think all of this behavior (not allowing full time hours) just started with the introduction of Obamacare, which isn't even 100% active yet? an argument may be able to be made that Obamacare has exacerbated the issue (I am not able to stand on either side of that argument), but it sure as heck isn't a new issue."
  "If Roberto Benigni hadn't acted like a cartoon character at the Oscars, this movie would be much more fondly remembered today. "
 There is no other man even around.
  "Last year I put some food coloring in what I thought was my moms body wash, turned out to be her shampoo. You can figure out the rest..."
 I don't like when minimum-wage keeps rising because it de-values the skilled, non-minimum wage jobs. My job was earned through years of school and debt and hard work in the industry. I dont get a raise when min-wage goes up. If mindless, non-skilled pay keeps rising, why should anyone strive to become better? Well, give him a star and pass him anyway or he will be sad\"   And I try to use this argument in the abstract, not just to benefit my own position. As mentioned, pay has to be relative to the work/effort/time involved in the job. I fraking HATE that there are many jobs that are glamorized to the masses (singer, actor, lawyer etc) in part because they can pay much more than an honest days work I'm sure we have lost plenty of potential doctors, scientists, and great artists because showbiz seemed easier and more profitable."
  "The average landscaper makes trucks are likely bought with credit, and not hard cash. "
  "This doesn't seem like an Onion article; it just seems like a factual news report.
  "She would soon notice when you start to rip your hair out in frustration."
 Hard to find the time to adventure like that these days."
 I never saw the Steven Segal one... Crouching cops, Hidden Badges.
  "\"Getting the right fit is difficult at times.\"  Any size 7 ladies wants to be my missing puzzle piece?"
  "There aren't as many gamers or ebook-readers as those who hear music or watch movies."
  "especially when they're not drinking hahahaha hey wanna get in the back seat of my van?"
 TPB even has an ebook section. People just read less than they watch."
  "No matter how little you make, very strictly put a fixed amount of money in savings for every paycheck you get."
 My dog will lean on my legs like a cat and keeps trying to gimme her paw   I live Labradors "
 ... everybody but you gets like 80 AP credits to stay college"
 It was nice to get a majority of it back. I enjoy the time people spend there much more than any stupid gift that we spent forever registering for at Bed, Bath, and Beyond."
  "Same here; I find it a decent strategy"
 I hate rushing, I need at least 40 mins then if I'm lucky a nap after"
 I **NEVER** saw anyone do this prior to, at most, a decade ago.
  "Forgetting to hold down the brake pedal when starting my push-start-button car."
  "Chinatown at rush hour everyday is enough to make you rage. Please move the fuck to the right so we can get to work.\"  My response to this thread was that very few people seem to know the difference between \"everyday\" and \"every day.\""
  "In Washington state, it is illegal to kill Bigfoot"
  "I was always brave and kind of righteous, now I find I'm wavering.  "
  "Sounds like my dad!
  "There is a roundabout in my town in which the inner lane forces you to make a u-turn. You cannot exit from the lane.
  "It moves *for* you. I know I'm being stereotypically lazy here, but can you wait a damn second? You're like the people who weave in and out of traffic only to be next to me at the next stoplight. "
  "Well I had a one way ticket for california and decided to cancel it yesterday. I love him, still getting over the bullshit.
  "People get fired. "
  "Am I the only one wondering what you were doing with a champagne glass on new years eve at the age of six or seven?"
  "Actually when it comes to electric and gas prices, location rarely changes that."
  "My pit farts himself awake and then barks at the noise"
  "[Getting "I stood in line two hours to try five minutes of Diablo 3.
  "I don't hate my boss I just wish he'd come clean and admit he doesn't know what the fuck he's doing."
  " And the ones [minorities] that don't [know how to game the system for free money]are the ones that actually deserve public assistance  "
  "Just because you have the reaction time of a sloth in molasses in a winter storm doesn't mean the rest of us do. Quit trying to be a troll..you suck at it. "
 You have to get your nose in first almost anywhere in the US when there is heavy traffic. It's pretty much brute force and you're really just hoping you won't get hit.
 I like to believe that there is intelligent life exists there, but they are in underground cities or bunkers in the canyons or below the crust. "
  "Icelandic: so i can be one of like 3 foreigners who know how to speak it."
  "It's more about web/network protocols being secure than the OS.  "
 With the magic ticket you can make ANY movie real. First thing I would go to Indian in the Cupboard and get the cupboard. Then I would get a ton of cheap lightsaber toys and make them real and sling them for $20mil a piece. Then I would go into Who Framed Roger Rabbit, Cool World, Heavy Metal(or possibly just star trek and borrow the holodeck) and have massive toon orgy. "
  "In a market with a limited job supply, why *shouldn't* the person willing to work harder get the job?"
  "When a vendor doesn't accept American Express."
 Eager to see your response to the other guy above...
  "Why can't I sneeze into the air if I'm outside and I sneeze away from everyone? "
  "In Australia the average rent is about $400 a week. "
 Either way, having a piece of plastic/rubber/whatever up your bum does not make you gay. The man's prostate is up there, and orgasms will be way better for him so.....carry on..."
  "I'm gonna get a gold one."
  "Also, it really doesn't take into account the entire picture like increased sales from people who have more discretionary money and so on. More importantly it doesn't take into account the fact that the bakery owner's sales will decrease due to the new higher price. If all the owner had to do to make more money was raise the price by $2 he would've already done it."
  "French, because I live close to Canada and they have a drinking age of 18. Not to mention the strip clubs!!
  "My parakeet, Horus, will do flips around his perch and do money-like stunts until he gets attention.
 Dio LOVES it when I blow on his neck. He just floofs up, tilts his head, and walks right up to my face. My other parakeet looks severely offended when I blow on him and flies away.
 You *have* to support other people. That's what society is and if you don't like it, you should stop living in society."
 They may plan to have you there and buy extra supplies."
  "Just the thought of that makes me cringe..... *ouch*"
 I heard some friends of mine talking about it when I left the room a while back."
  "never thought buses were relaxing since they make me motion sick and I always get paranoid that I'll miss my stop and get lost like that. "
  "100 duck sized humans might be scarier."
  "To my \"family and friends\" that have betrayed me to the point that I know you're going to read this FUCK YOU. That's how I feel about betrayal."
  "Are there men that don't enjoy sex?"
  "So to a person with no marketable skills and no college degree, you simply say \"Go find a better job\"   ?"
 I threw your shit into a bag and pushed it down the stairs.
 They post pictures of people and tidbits of their stories.
  "Attempting small talk leaves me feeling like a vulcan. It's a good thing I work in a pet store. I ran the aquarium section for almost three years in my current shop (I'm a supervisor now so I float around all the sections) and it was the best outlet."
 I'd move--where I live isn't much better off than Cookeville--but you have to have money to move stuff. If you don't move that stuff, you have to sell it and buy new stuff. Once you're there you need a job, a place to buy or rent, and down payments/security deposits. And the jobs around here that *do* pay are things like manufacturing (which pays lower than it did 20 years ago) and things like non-union coal mining jobs."
  "Everything at my place is gas.
 Safe to say if I don't pull away or make a weird face, then I am either debating on whether it was meant in a flirty way or I'm enjoying it and will probably reciprocate. "
  "From Ottawa can confirm i've never seen it or heard the term"
  "I thought it was just our microwave I couldn't do that in! "
  "i work minimum wage in a restaurant and im opposed to $15 minimum wage. my employer couldnt afford to keep me on if it were that high.
 Their front door entryway was backed by the staircase leading the second story, and two halls lead off to either side, one to the living room and one to my grandmothers work room and the then around to the kitchen. My sister and I are making toy ghosts out of kleenex, string and ping pong balls, which is something we used to do there (so we could dangle the ghosts down from the second story landing like they were floating). That's when someone - I believe it was my father - comes in and says that my grandfather (not the one whose house we're in, either, but my paternal grandfather) wants to see me upstairs. It's at this point in the dream that I realize my entire family is in the house and I start to get nervous about what he could want. I start going upstairs and I have to go up about six flights and I'm not even close to the top floor (the house, in reality, was only two stories). When I finally get to the right door I knock and hear my grandfather tell me to come in. I step into a huge room - a room bigger than the house would have been - which is totally white and featureless. He is bolted to the wall by his wrists and ankles, face towards the wall. His head swivels around like an owl and he asks me a question that I've never remembered - I just get scared then, but not scared enough to wake up. I never liked that bathroom - it was all black and white tile with gold fixtures and it always scared me for some reason. Yet that's where I go to hide from my family, who terrify me at this point because of what happened upstairs. I sit and idly talk with the spider for a while (I've never remembered what we talked about, but always got the feeling the spider was trying to cheer me up somehow). I look over his shoulder at the glass cabinet doors and see a reflection of the backyard through the sliding glass door. My sister (five years older) is standing in the yard, smiling like a villain. I turn around and the yard is empty. I turn back and her evil doppelganger reflection is still smiling at me. I'm getting scared again, but my grandfather turns around sealing an envelope before I can do anything or say anything and tells me that he needs me to go and put his letter in the mailbox and that it's very important. I agree, because that means I get to leave the house. I open the mailbox and I reach in to see if anything is in there... Now, this is the part that I swear is most vivid and has puzzled me more than anything else in this incredibly weird ass dream. Inside the mailbox is what my juvenile mind thought a porcupine looked like (essentially a hedgehog), only instead of quills this thing has popsicle sticks coming out of its back. I touch it and jerk my hand away, for some reason thinking the popsicle sticks will still hurt me as badly as I then thought quills would hurt me. My in-dream reaction, every time, was to assume my sister had done this - planted the animal there - because she is suddenly evil and wants me dead (I get along with my sister and, for the most part, always have). I don't think I ever once managed to put my grandfathers letter into the mailbox, either. I hardly ever get to talk about that and I've long since given up on trying to figure out where it might've come from or why I had it so many times. I'm more than open to interpretations, of course, but really I just wanted to revisit it :) Thanks for reading. "
 I've been wondering if it's like Cinderella and finding the shoe the one who fits the glass slipper."
  "Chris Christie's whole \"I don't give a damn about politics\" thing during relief efforts after Hurricane Sandy."
 I did blue collar work for about a year before my current engineering job. But I like my office. I like going to work in a conditioned space. I have immense respect for our company's techs and what they do, but I went to college specifically because I knew hard work in the field wasn't for me."
  "I think about once every hundred posts I see a question that actually fits the rules of the sub is not a re-post.   "
  "I was on the fence about buying an ONion book at one point in my life until I found this headline. "
  "Well i think internships are different, since you're joining a professional office community where you interact on a different level than you would with people you call brothers. "
  "ASL because I feel its something everyone should learn"
  "MagnificoOoOoOoOo  Easy come, easy go, will you let me go?
  "I don't want to touch it, it's icky.
  "You can link facebook and twitter, so it double posts. So I think a lot of people post to twitter and it goes everywhere. "
  "Jesus returns to the NBA."
  "Photos are OK, videos are NEVER ok to take in portrait mode. It always looks horrible and I'm not sure why there isn't some sort of alert on cell phones telling people not to do this."
  "Just bear in mind that illegality tends to follow popularity. A lot of \"designer drugs\" don't get much attention, certainly not at the street level, because they just don't stand out much from established drugs. If you want to relax there's a cornucopia of options, from weed to pills or booze. So there's all sorts of chemicals - hundreds, I'm sure - that will do similar things to those established drugs, and given a choice between the two most druggies would probably pick the one they've heard about over the one that's just a strange string of numbers and letters."
  "Declining does not make you an asshole.
 It'd be nice to choose exactly how many calories and how many carbs I absorb from the foods I eat without having to change my eating habits. Instead, my body stores EVERYTHING."
  "A full ride scholarship is as much a matter of luck as intelligence. Sure, you need intelligence, but it won't guarantee that you'll be able to attend college.
 I dealt with it, and really liked all the other things about her, but I really like a round ass and I just couldn't pretend I'd be happy with a flat one for long (like a month?)"
 I was eating a celery stick earlier thinking how disgusting it was, but I made myself eat it.
 It's a fetish that involves the desire to either swallow someone or be the one swallowed."
 Went to mostly empty mall parking lot, and tried to park like I normally do by reversing to the spot. But for the life of me couldn't get it straight.
  "and those rules only work 60% of the time every time"
 Reading is one of my favorite things to do because there's no lack of stuff to read and it can have drastic effects on your vocabulary and compositional confidence! Start anywhere and read everything that you can, and at whatever pace you can manage. It will hook you in like nothing else will if you give it time, you have my word.
 When I was in high school, I worked at a pet store for $7.45. Then, I quit, because the pay sucked for how much I was investing into the job. If I was worth $10, why didn't they give me that raise before I quit and made them sweat it out for a month?"
  "\"When it comes to condoms, put two on\"   -Asher Roth: I love college "
  "Fun, but Roman likes \"Spa\" more"
 Businesses will fire people, businesses will hire people. The question is will more people be hired or fired? Also, while I have heard the higher volume argument I really have never seen anyone try to argue it, and your link definitely doesn't seem to purport it.
 Do you just shift gears?
 Why does she not like me stupid bitch?!"
  "Something I saw on reddit a while back is the 5-3-1 method. You give her 5 options (such as for restaurants and where to eat), she picks 3, and you pick the final one.
  "I'm trying to get into Stanford for Law School, I know the struggle."
  "I demonstrate espresso machines for my job and offer people samples and a lot respond with \"oh i can't drink one, id be up all week LOL\" meanwhile they keep chugging their jumbo sized Starbucks coffee"
 I make the point above about \"living wage\" because it's used over and over as an emotional appeal to the public to fight for a higher minimum wage or some kind of \"guaranteed income\". It would sell much more poorly if its proponents told the truth... that what they want is to make more money for doing the same jobs just 'cuz.  "
  "Not really... More like black/white people be like and ruining people's days "
  "I don't think people asking for minimum wage increases are asking to be upped to a \"high paying\" salary, rather a salary that they could conceivably live on."
  "Falling in love with a man, that's what makes you gay. I've met plenty of straight friends that have even experimented with men.
  "Yeaaah, if I'm coming out of the isles and see an empty or short lined register, I'm heading for it.
  " In order to lock the door, I tied a string to old lock, closed the door and pulled. I don't get it?"
 Also the awesome pirate eye-patches. What a buzz kill."
 We could go in the shower or something.\"  Not sexual? Then there's no reason she would tell you unless she feels kinda shitty and wants to let you know. \"Aw, do you feel ok/need anything?\""
  "I never really believed to begin with, but the thing that makes it hard for me to believe in religion is that there are/have been so many different religions and all of them claims to be the right one, yet there are constantly new religions popping up and old religions fading out. And then when you take a good look at all these religions, you'll see that it is all just the same shit, with only minor differences. And then you can think about how many wars have been fought on the base of this stuff, these religion which are pretty much all just the same stuff anyway. "
  "Only if you realize that you can break the sehen out of fernsehen...
  "It's amazing how many people's jobs center on repetitive data entry and management, even at a very high wage level ($100k+)"
  "Of course it doesn't mean you have any less value as a person, just that you have less value as an employee. Many times people like to shrug off the \"it's just business\" mentality as just fat cat elitism, but on a societal scale, it really is just business."
  "His post gets right up near the moral issue though. The typical moral take from those opposed is that payroll should be based on the value employees provide, not based on how much we like them. They'd say the latter is charity and that it's good to keep charity and business separate."
  "Perhaps if I believed in magical juju then I would clever enough not to worry about Human Right violations? Please tell me what intellectual disciplines you use to believe in magical juju and miracles and fantastic rewards and gods and monsters and angels and demons and talking mules and unicorns and bigotry towards woman and homosexuals? I'm afraid I can't get past believing in pixies and goblins and you seem so clever."
  "I hear some people say \"I prefer iphones because droids are harder to use.\"  I cringe when people call all android devices droids. Then I find out they know less about iOS than I do. I cringe at the notion of them trying to learn to install cyanogen mod. Though I wish if they had the power of any smartphone they'd just learn to use it.  "
  "Replace the gun that was used to shoot Lincoln"
  "If I don't what will happen to me?"
 Would you mind talking about what research you specifically try to get money for?
  "I think they associate it with the continent of Asia, to an extent, but for the most part I think people see Russia as its own entity.
  "Yeah, I don't know what to say, I've had it happen to me, too, and it never feels good. You just gotta be good at knowing when to pull the plug... and when you do, stick to your guns and don't let someone string you along or play games. So it ends up getting manifested in stuff like this."
  "it's good that there's an age of consent, but I don't think that a 50 year old should be able to fuck an 18 year old. I'm not saying that the age should be raised, but if it's bigger than a 10 year age gap it should be illegal until the younger is like 25."
 So something about soaped up forearms get to me."
  " Holding the stereotype that the employees are lower than you and have \"non-jobs\" is masturbatory to the ego and that's why it's so easy to accept.
  " Five minimum-wage positions is around $50/hour in basic costs (minimum wage + employer portion of FICA + admin overhead). Most estimates put the cost of having a full time employee at between 1.5 and 2 times their hourly wage. "
  "Soldering, it isn't hard but you can sure fudge it up if you don't know how bad you are at it."
  "I'm bilingual in spanish and in english and for some reason english does work miles better for dirty talk. It feels so awkward to say dirty things in bed with a spanish-speaking chick, so I'm usually way quieter than I want to be in these situations. I think its because we've picked up the bed lingo through cultural osmosis, and most of the entertainment we watch is in English in this part of the world. "
 I see what you did there"
  "a moral government would also be moral to their citizens and a minimum wage that makes sure they have enough to eat every month, access to affordable health care, etc. "
  "I can't stand it when people write loosing when they mean losing"
  "But is it free and available on the same platforms."
  "Hungarian so I can yell at my dad in it for not teaching it to me as a child."
  "No exercise makes me stressed right out."
 Unfortunately, this issue is one where passion often overcomes logic. It's refreshing to know that there are people out there with the common sense to apply basic economic concepts to questions like this."
  "I think it evens out, they may have 30 checkout lines but only 2 or 3 of them are open!"
 When I came back the line was out the door and around the block a few times.
  "Not accept a billion dollars."
 And this poster clearly draws a line of superiority between himself and feminine gays. "
  "Yeah, you can set them in iOS 7 with ease like in past firmwares. With my jailbreak, I'm able to edit one of the dynamic wallpapers so that a custom one is in place of a colored one in such a way like The reason why it's *dynamic* is because of these little icons that float around and have an effect if you jiggle/tilt your device. Other than that, if you like where you're at and don't really want to update to iOS 7, don't update. I guess in the mind of the team that released it, they felt they were helping those possibly in your situation where if Apple brings out 7.1 and you haven't updated to iOS 7.0.4, you'll still be able to jailbreak on iOS 6.
  "Just don't be this type of girl/person.
 Google \"double irish tax\" to see some ways US companies exploit Irish 0% taxes to avoid paying any US taxes. If you can pay 5% to a law firm to avoid paying 35%, that's just good business. Corporate profits can be used for all sorts of good things, particularly investment and hiring. If I have a corporate profit of $3 million, why tax me 35% if I want to use all $3 million to hire new workers? Instead we should tax people when they take profits out of the company and put it in their pocket. This does nothing to grow the company and just enriches an individual, so its a more efficient thing to tax. Note that for this to make sense, the US would absolutely have to raise the comically low capital gains tax rate. Cutting corporate taxes to 0% while leaving capital gains low is just a huge effective tax cut for rich folks and would be a bad idea."
  "No no no my good sir, I believe I will take those sexy dirty talking women for myself."
  "Hindi, because it's my man's first language, and so I can eavesdrop on the guys at work"
  "Eye contact can be a culturally influenced thing. I didn't know I had a different view of eye contact until someone brought it up to me in middle school. I am Alaskan Native and was raised that way; it's considered rude to look someone in the eye too long, especially if they are older than you or are in an authoritative position. So without even knowing it I have created a subconscious habit of only briefly looking into someone's eyes when they are addressing me. I also am an introvert and have social anxiety, so all of it added together makes me feel SUPER uncomfortable when someone wants to force eye contact. (Also if you think about it, don't most animals in the wild see it as a threat or a precursor to a fight?)
  "Use all your free time to better yourself "
  "I'm having a problem, when I click any of the links it says \"You have arrived at your 30-day allowance of 5 free premium pages from America's Finest News Source. I'd always assumed this was a joke message, parodying news sites that charge to view content, but there doesn't seem to be an obvious bypass method. "
 I should probably record my parents before they die. I believe my young aunt once held me and dropped me down the stairs and then since I wasn't very brain damaged, my parents gave me and her some certificate about it."
  "I think it'd be really cool to have a built in front pocket, kangaroo-style."
  "Once the minimum wage went up $2, it hurt the business pretty badly. A couple months later hours were cut across the board  This is the problem with most people who support a substantial increase in minimum wage. Economics is more complicated than \"there is an ideal minimum wage of X.\"  While I'm sure there is an ideal minimum wage in every given market, *how you get to that minimum wage* is at least as important as *what that optimal minimum wage is*. A *sudden, unexpected* increase in minimum wage is bad. If we had some kind of long-term, predictable increase in minimum wage (i.e. a $0.25 increase each year for a certain number of years plus a cost of living adjustment based on **local** prices), that'd be fucking great. The problem is that the only major camps are \"raise minimum wage by at least $X/hour right now\" and \"either don't raise it or absolish minimum wage entirely.\""
  "Is there any way we can see you wearing your cat? I'd LOVE to see that because the imagined picture is already hilariously cute."
 Thank god I don't have to make this decision in my lifetime.
  "Why wouldn't someone who doesn't qualify for federal disability assistance be able to work more than 40hrs/week? People have a responsibility to themselves to figure out how to make at least an honest living.
  "You can never be too intelligent. You just can't act like a superior ass."
 Does she actually like me or does she just see me as a source of food? I've seen the one study that claims its for food but I need to hear it from her."
 Mind numbing work isn't fun, and everyone should aspire to go far above and beyond a job like that into a meaningful career. I moved into the IT field from where I used to be and I wouldn't go back even for a raise. This of course doesn't apply to everyone or every company, but I personally feel that my \"minimum\" lifestyle is achievable at the minimum wage. We can't let people starve, but they don't really *need* to be able to afford large apartments to themselves and bigscreen TVs when they can live comfortably with others (also likely in similar financial situations at low level jobs) while buying a TV at Goodwill for a buck (was dropping things off there yesterday, 30+\" CRTs are only $1). Even a working car can be found on craigslist for under $1000 if you're careful. It won't be pretty, but it's enough to get by. This is just my relatively unpopular and rarely voiced opinion, but a minimum is pretty much only there to get you by. I will say that some of my feelings on this come from me being pretty handy -- I would buy things that needed work for cheap and use them for as long as possible. I understand that many aren't comfortable buying used or less-nice things because they can't fix them if anything happens. I still try to remain as objective as possible but no one can experience minimum-wage living from every angle so I'm likely not considering all possibilities, such as a low paying job while supporting a family. I'll be sure to pay it forward in the future!"
  "Kind of hard now that they can't smoke indoors, as they line the streets. Walking into town isan exercise in figuring out when I can take a breath and how long I need to hold it for to get past each smoker without taking in a lung full of smoke.
  "r/thisiswhenicame  I'm a mod, you post porn and the time in the video of when you came. It's a work in progress. Please come and post after you came. "
  "Probably posted already but women who think sex is a prize you have to win or earn from them. Like its something they're doing for YOU and if you haven't met some expectation they hold it over you like a carrot in front of a donkey. It's not a reward for good behavior."
  "And then measures from as far back they can manage to get that extra half an inch or 2, and then still round up again lol. And then even more important is how you work it. It's not how deep you can fish but how you wiggle your worm. "
 Whenever you go into the house, she will grab one of her toys and parade around you as you tell her how magnificent she is. This goes on for a long time, and will repeat throughout the day whenever you enter a room that she's in."
 But as he fell he hit the back of his head on the corner of the chair, which was wooden btw. But for that split second when I realized that he was going to his head I was so scared and full of so much fear and regret for what I had done. I can't even imagine if I had paralyze him..."
  "Don Cheadle spurs genocide in Rwanda to make best selling movie Hotel Rwanda"
 (God put a patch of crazy where her googoo should be)"
  "I personally like Sprint the best because of their unlimited data, but their coverage can be very slow/spotty."
  "Last time I checked my bank account, it said I cannot afford to start a family. So im going to go with, no, these people (im one of these people) probably shouldnt start trying to have a family if their bank account, no matter their job, says they cannot afford to.  "
  " so they just made up supply and demand as an excuse? the OP didn't ask about supply and demand. he's asking a moral question, not an economic question, but most of the top voted posts in this thread are all economic explanations that essentially equate to \"because we CAN pay people that little\"...  OP didn't ask WHY people get paid that little. He asked essentially \"why do people feel that that's OK to do?\""
  "The computer is a one time cost sink, and you can get a laptop for a couple hundred bucks that does everything you need. Don't know what to tell you if you live in a place that has no free wifi."
  "Wouldn't it make sense for the gov to subsidize the difference between a \"living wage\" minimum wage and the natural market price down to some reasonable number? It'd be great -- I could hire people to do useful admin work if that were the case. Right now, I can't afford local employees, so I pay a contractor outside the country to do this stuff. It's mathematically impossible for me to hire a local person in my state, for exactly the reasons you mention above."
  "My mother is afraid of spiders, she also happens to have a shoulder injury that causes her a lot of pain. I put a fake spider on her shoulder, she glanced over at it, screamed, jumped, then yelled out in pain because she jerked her arm.
 Talking to him made me feel like I was being molested because I was painfully shy and he always stood too close. He would literally be able to touch me with his elbow if he brought his bent arm up in front of him. I knew, even then, that cultural differences meant his personal space bubble was abut 1/2 the size of my bubble, but it was still deeply disturbing to my fragile-flower psyche."
  "I called my mate once when he was standing a foot to my right, that was a pretty close call I guess. "
 Some who support themselves do,but most live at home and arent skilled workers dont deserve 15 wn hour"
 Most people working at McDonalds or really any minimum wage job are not doing it because it was their goal in life or even close to the peak of their abilities. To be honest its more of a wider reaching problem than that minimum wage is too low, all of our wage scale is a bit unhealthy, CEO pay is almost uncompetitively high, the added burden of under paid workers is an unnecessary stress on our social welfare programs, raises taxes for employers and workers while not improving living conditions, Average income has either stagnated or dropped in many fields and areas for almost three decades, and a magnitude of other less direct problems like the devaluation of a college and HS degree. No and yes, no I do not think that it is a complete solution, yes I do think that its past due anyway, and should be updated more regularly to reflect changes in cost of living and purchasing power parity."
 A girl I was friends with was getting rid of some posters so I ended up with a huge poster of Katy Perry. She thought it'd be funny to hang it above my bed so she'd be watching me sleep (funnier to 14-year-old us)  Fast forward 2 years. We lay in my bed, and she notices a half-naked Katy Perry hovering above us. She gets *jealous* and demands i take it down. After explaining that its been there for years and I barely notice it, she stands up on the bed and tears it right in half. TL;DR: Girl got jealous of Katy Perry poster i had, tore it in half, and I broke up with her shortly after. "
  "Maybe it's something like \"I could care less...if I actually cared at all, which I don't\"."
 edit: I was trying to make a shit pun, which obviously didn't get through"
 The point of these doors is that you go through one set, *let them close behind you*, and *only then* open the other door. Way too often I see people  \"courteously\" hold the doors open, freezing the people at the tables nearest the door.
  "Picked up this girl, who I was already on the fence about, but I figured Id give her a little more hanging out time. So she gets in my car, and immediately pulls out a blood testing strip and meter and checks her blood sugar in my car, Obviously this is something she needs to do but WTF do it before I get there, and then she takes her bleeding finger and sticks it in her mouth and lets out an evil, evil laugh,  That was the end of that.
  "Whoa whoa whoa you are blowing my mind right now"
 One thing is for sure, there are no two marriages alike or that follow the same path or even the same rules.
  "Food preparation  And yet, it's now turning out to be cheaper to raise chickens in the US, send them to China for packaging and processing, and ship them "Or take high school economics."
  "I prefer grabbing the hand but not the usual \"handshake grip\". The \"arm wrestling grip\" is more secure than the \"handshake grip\" and it's far superior in helping the person up."
  "Oh please don't tell me that God uses Hotmail "
 You make a great point. If eating and bathtime with winding down activities is more like lord of the flies, that is why it's harder to get your kid to sleep regularly. Even infants but most people act like it's a mystery."
  "Sounds like a great guy!"
  "Credit where credit is due.
  "I feel that no one's ever going to see this, but I was in a very dark place this New Year's Eve, and seeing all this turned me around.
 It's an unfair comparison to say someone makes 85k a year, and then compare that to someone making 50k, if the person making 85 works 60 hours a week including nights/weekends, but the guy making 50 is only putting in 9-5 MF."
  "I like you. What a nice and positive way to put it.
  "No matter how many people believe something it doesn't change the fact that it is kind of gay. Wanting a penis, real or fake, inside your anus if you are a man makes you gay.
 It's easier if they just stated exactly what they want so they don't have to play the question/answer game. "
  "Just watch it from the first episode. The first season sets up a lot of the story.
  "I doubt my post will get any visibility 7 hours after the fact, but I like contributing to economic discussion too much to forgo it. I saw already a couple of major points to the opposition:  simple SD economics, and what exactly is a \"living wage?\"  One i'd like to add is:  the unintended consequences to political policy, and why a minimum wage may contain those consequences. Unintended consequences are, self-evident by name, bad things that happen that we didn't see coming. It would result in higher unemployment (businesses forgoing the hiring of more workers, perhaps even laying off people because they want to maintain profits, or literally can't afford a marginal worker) and a readjustment in the types of jobs demanded. So, say I went to uni to be an IT guy, and figure maybe starting, I get 14-16$/hr. I don't want to diminish the work of, say, a Walmart worker, or someone who works at a restaurant, but I would say the IT job takes a degree of knowledge, and ability that the average man doesn't quite have, as opposed to the mentioned jobs. When you set the lowest possible wage to at or around the same wage of the IT worker, he is more likely to take up the easier job, in his own self interest. This applies to all sectors:  you've effectively put a monetary incentive on the easier jobs. It probably wouldn't be a massacre \"everyone goes for the easier jobs,\" but it's an effect i'm sure you'd see. "
  "Lets just get to the root of the issue: fat people. At the very least, seat them out of sight in the restaurants. Nothing ruins the appetite like watching farm animals feed."
  "I'm smiling at the thought of someone saying, \"I need to hear it from you!\"  Edit: to a cat"
  " It would be unfair if the mother of three were paid more than the teenager for the exact same job, wouldn't you agree?
  "When I was five, my grandparents dared me to jump off the top of a 4-story houseboat as a light-hearted joke. I was pretty cautious and quiet so they figured I wouldn't do it. I pondered for a moment, looked my grandpa in the eye and said, \"well I gotta do it sometime\" and jumped off the balcony.
 What about us blonde men out there who can't grow beards! I feel like I'm missing out on something big..."
  "Have you even **been** on Reddit lately? This site is all about people needing a $15/hr minimum wage to support their entire family.   "
 It's a collection of funny short stories.
  "They even got this wrong in Back to the Future. "
  "( _)  ( _)-  (_)  Passion of the Christ  *tips fedora, strokes neckbeard* "
 It just pushes the jobs outside the areas that have min wage. "
 At least I know someone read it."
  "I feel like mine does it because she has too much energy. When she gets tired of chasing her foster brother around the house (or more like he gets tired of her antics) she'll focus on her toys or herself."
  "because our \"awful\" for health care system yields better results than your single payer system.
 he would be a sleep most of the time so i could get some peace and quiet"
 I feel bad for doing it but worth it."
  "Then train monkeys to do it and increase profits by millions. If that doesn't work (which it won't.
  "[Toilet paper goes NOT "Declining an invite does not make you an asshole. Saying you will show up and then not showing up kind of makes you an asshole. But completely ignoring an invite without a response makes you the biggest asshole of all."
  "Money doesn't buy happiness. Money buys crazy ass happiness. "
  "I think the reason it's not cheaper for many people is based on the following reasons:  1) Not planning adequately  2) Wasted food  3) Not having a fully stocked kitchen  So, if you have to buy every ingredient for every dish every time you want to cook, it gets expensive. I cook for myself and my partner, and we *also* spend about $125 on groceries a week. But I plan out meals carefully and if one dish requires something like half a head of cabbage, I will find another dish to cook that week to use the rest of the cabbage. A lot of people just cook randomly and throw out 1/3 of what they cook, plus tons of unused ingredients, and shit ends up being pretty expensive."
  "Please just read and sign the [terms and "I see what you did there"
 But in short it is because those people are basically assholes. But it all really boils down to people who simply don't have any concern for the well-being of others."
  "Saving money is pretty much worth it even if you aren't buying anything. If you know there is money in the bank, you don't stress out wondering if your next cheque will bounce. A stress free year financially sounds pretty nice to me. "
 In this example, almost nobody pays workers what value they bring. If you think it's exploitative that a company pays you less than what you bring in, go start your own business.
  "Being a immature little fuck does NOT keep you in a relationship"
  "I would love to hear the context of this."
  "I would beep the shit out of her. "
  "Waiting for the monorail to get out of Didney Worl. 3 hours in a crowd of hundreds of sweaty morbidly obese humans. Couldn't even breathe, it was so crowded.
  "Knives and A good set of tongs.
  "I worked in high school at a grocery store with a lot of high schoolers who are still working there--\"lifers\". Even when I worked there I knew they would be there, or somewhere comparable, for the rest of their lives. They were the ones who avoided doing any work, smoked weed on their breaks, and smarted off to our boss. Those same mentalities are why they didn't do well in high school, never went to college, and are stuck at a grocery store for the rest of their lives. But it doesn't take a 150 IQ to get a B average in high school, which is enough to get into any state school, and with in-state tuition and working part-time during the year and full-time during the summer for minimum wage, you can get out of college with very little debt in a degree you can get a job in. It's definitely easier if your parents have money, but almost anyone can do it, if they have a strong work ethic and don't just blow off high school."
 yes, the math and supply/demand dictate \"we pay people as little as we can to maximize profits and because they'll still work for that little\" -- but OP didn't ask that question. OP asked, perhaps not worded as directly: \"why do people feel that it's morally acceptable to pay people so little that even working 40-50 hour weeks they can't possibly afford basic needs?\""
  "Ying yang twins have been instructing me twerk something and put to put some yang in my thang for a solid decade.
  "Everyone over 21 would have access to it like peoples brothers and sisters and friends of the kids, people in my town see no harm in buying it for kids which is horrible"
  "Not trying to defend anyone here, but the entire point of the Christian religion, is that you go through life to prove you are either worthy to go to heaven or burn in hell, you prove this through your actions, which are of course affected by the hardships in your life. It would make no sense for a god to intervein, because then you wouldn't be able to prove what you're made of. If you're a Christian you believe you have to face a tough life to earn a place in heaven."
 I picture something like Miley Cyrus"
  "[Supreme Court Overturns "I'm up all night to get lucky. "
  "I've been trying to find the article about it but the company said they want a realistic medieval rpg with no magical or fantasy elements.
 I've run into people who buy 2-3 times the school supplies they need to donate them to poorer children."
  "McDonalds sells a 5 cent cup of soda for over a dollar, and a potato or two's worth of french fries for 1-3 dollars as well.
  "But does it make me an ass in the sense that I just rather not do things with some people even if I'm invited?"
  "I hate feeling someone's warmth on me. Either it being their breath, or just their body heat radiating off of them, it makes me go into a panic attack. Or if I didn't feel uncomfortable in social situations to tell someone to back the fuck off."
  "I just can't seem to get into those books, the writing is horrible."
  "I always find it funny when people say I'm a good cook after making one of my, on average, 2 dishes for the year.
  "I stand corrected"
  "What it seems like they are saying, however, is that because they made some big mistakes they shouldn't be afforded an option or a path to get out of it and better themselves. being forced into a shitty minimum wage job and deciding wether to feed their children or have heat this week. If you work minimum wage and you have a child then you're eligible for food benefits. Schools provide subsidized or free lunches to poor children. My major issue with the \"paying consequences\" theory is that you are now saying that their children should have to pay for their parents mistakes as well, which is in no way fair or even excusable. Like you said, one major reason that people get into this mess in the first place is because of their childhood. And for the most part we already provide that.
  "Its insanely hard to find a job with out a phone or the internet. I mean lets say you don't have at least on of those and I want to hire you. How the Fuck am I going to get a hold of you?"
  "umm...I take them completely off anyways. Only really leave my socks on. Unless I'm at home, then the socks come off too."
 I wouldn't call ~50% Market share (US) a niche. Many apps on the app store are niche products, but the device and operating system? Now a device with a 40 megapixel camera, or intentionally loose controls on 3rd party code execution.. those are niche products.    "
  "Withhold tax on dividends at the top marginal rate. Keep a really close eye on related party transactions. The biggest problem is that it gives the opportunity to defer tax indefinitely.
  "Golfing mother daughter team that can't keep it in their respective pants."
  "I had a situation like this happen to me, my mother collected pine cones and brought them home. I woke up to them being all over everything, apparently they like nesting in them.
 My girlfriend absolutely loves Greece and can speak Greek pretty well and it would make her happy."
  "I call bullshit.
 Like look at this video: How is this not illegal?
  "Not a gif, not even a jif.
 And while I'm at it, politely ask him to spew on the tiles instead of the carpet."
  "Sometimes when he uses his hind feet/claws to scratch the left side of his body he'll stick his tongue out over and over like he's licking air."
 I've managed to hear some great stories and get quite a few laughs from this site."
  "comment to save "
  "I'd give up the ability to spread my toes for ...Five Pointed Palm Exploding Heart Technique."
  "And on a related note, if you're going above the speed limit slow down."
  "I know what *really* happens to your money when you invest with large mutual funds like JP Morgan, T.Rowe , or Vanguard. "
  "Basically mine is simple but hard to reach. Someone with full common sense and intelligent enough to have a meaningful conversation with."
  "A shift in the income level shifts the demand. You start getting much more fun mathematical models with the substitution effect and income effect at this point. "
  "I said I was going to work out more and I did.
  "Depends on what phone you want. Verizon and Att push Galaxy S4s with a locked boot loader.
 There's nothing better than being able to jam with other people."
  "I don't necessarily disagree but the problem with your argument is that the jobs meant to support a family simply **no longer exist**. Time was anybody who had a decent work ethic but didn't necessarily have a mind for higher education could go work at the car plant or other factory. Now that those plants are gone (or more likely, automated), there's nowhere for these people to go."
  "That's your own choice if you don't feel like going. You will not be considered an asshole,at least in my eyes."
  "The trick is to stand directly in front of the door/doors so that as soon as they open, you are imposingly blocking as much of the elevator as you can. I discovered a similar kind of thing to getting long rows of people to move over on the sidewalk. Say there's like 3 large people walking abreast on the sidewalk and instead of queuing up to pass, you, they want you to walk in the grass or street in order to get around them. Just stand there. They will figure out how to get around you. I do it mainly because I gain a certain amount of satisfaction from it, not because it necessarily gets me anywhere faster."
  "I see your point and respectfully withdraw from the arguement."
  "My feels totes agree with you "
  "\"Better choices\" like choosing to be born into a family who can afford to pay for tuition. It's good for you that you were lucky enough to get a house by the time you were 20 purely by hard work. Do you think poor people don't work hard? "
 And it's not like I can cuddle by my self, can I?"
 The underlying purpose of all business/economy is to earn money; to maximize profit and minimize costs. Wages are set at whatever point provides the most value per dollar. Unless paying employees more money results in proportionally higher profits, there's no reason to raise wages.
  "Well that's a extremist view on a topic with many layers."
 We had to go to bed at 9pm.
 Yes, it was one of many issues but it still was a significant contributing factor and several of the other factors involved (state's rights, economic differences, etc.)
  "Not sure how CO is doing it but WA has decided that anyone convicted in the past is unable to obtain a license for either (I think, need to read more). In regards to the question I think it will depend on where the licensed shops open and where the dealers are. Lots of mountain towns in CO that will probably not get any legal sellers and will either travel or keep using the same people they always have. Now there are different laws they can be arrested for that will generally be the same offense just worded differently. IF the courts can prove they were selling as opposed to holding.
  "This is one thing I hardly ever have to worry about. You can try, but humans have yet to learn how to phase through things."
  "To live in hearts we leave behind is not to die.
  "Because ebooks aren't as good as normal books (something about paper fetish)  And pirating video games is easy to track, for example a Call of Duty game, got online interactions n shit"
 Just don't click the links and it'll be fine."
  "Gay men enjoy sex most of all!"
  "The entire [female cast of "See, you're still talking about working on the car, I'm talking about establishing a right to free transportation."
  "I've heard baby rabbits squeak like a dog toy. "
 Not entirely sure why other than Jorah was one of my favorite characters in the first book and the Old Bear was a complete and total badass. *Put a knife in my back? Fuck it, I'll crush your throat with my bare hands.
  "To banish stretch marks and cellulite from this Earth."
 I will then seek out a wizard husband. "
 I guess you just see it more often in the south/west. "
  "I realized a long time ago that if I keep myself healthy eating and good exercise most of the year, I don't feel guilty about the \"cheats\" when I go in vacations or over a holiday.
  "You could not pay me enough money in the world to live in America. The attitude of some Americans disgust me. You worship the fucking $$ and nothing else. Fuck the poor girl at Walmart who has been on her feet for 18 hours straight at the cash register during the black friday sales. Who cares about the 50 year old woman who lost her office job and now works in Walmart earning a fraction of what she did before? In fact let's just make the Hunger Games a reality. Put all the poor people in an arena and the winner can go home with all the money they need after they kill each other for the entertainment of the rich. "
  "Start by making a beginning and an ending, then everything in-between will be much easier."
  "You can use any kind of soap as shaving cream. You can use toothpaste as shaving cream. Kinda burns though. "
 We got here due to some impressive flukes, did some neat stuff, and the earth'll see us out when the time is right like it did in prior era's.
  "My family uses Firefox and doesn't have chrome installed. Their default is bing, and I type Google in to get to gmail."
  "The classic case study is apprenticeships. In IT it's almost impossible to land a professional job without qualifications. It's hard in itself to land an IT job with all the required qualifications and some experience. If you have absolutely no qualifications or experience, are so young that you can't function properly as a professional and can't make it unto university the industry couldn't give a shit about you. It's not paying you $100k a year to fuck about and learn IT on the job. However if you're willing to be paid significantly less, study while you work and improve your skills while you work the industry is inclined to employ you. We hire apprentices at $30k - $45k depending on age and they are stuck at that wage for 4 years. It's not enough to live on in this city, but the alternative is they never enter IT and work on a part time basis at the local supermarket. If not for the lower pay though, the organisation would rather hire a 30 year old with a degree and 5+ years experience. They'd never hire an uneducated 18 year old."
  "The placebo effect is related to the perceptions and expectations of the patient; if the substance is viewed as helpful, it can heal, but, if it is viewed as harmful, it can cause negative effects, which is known as the nocebo  effect."
  "Slice diagonally, for the love of god."
 I get like 10 open Facebook invites a week to things that are blanketed across 100's of people in their friends list, I just don't reply to those unless its a good friend of mine.  "
  "I discovered Reddit this year, love it!"
  "If by hazing you mean shit tons of pointless tasks scattered through the day to ensure you have zero free time and designed to teach time management skills, yup I was hazed.\r\rThe spanking, nudity, drinking and all that other homo bullshit ... nope. The closest thing to alcohol hazing I can remember is when playing drinking games brothers get a handicap like two throws at beer pong if they're playing a pledge. The only humiliation I can recall was the \"pledge grenade,\" which was just a ping pong ball a brother would throw at a party and the pledges would have to rush and jump on it. Too many guys in my chapter didn't learn the right lessons when they were pledging and figured that anything resembling work or responsibility that makes a chapter run should be delegated to pledges. It was like pulling teeth to get brothers to do simple things like show up to committee meetings, most were in it just to drink and party, which was disappointing. \r\rI withdrew after two semesters but apparently they are doing alot better now after they started dropping guys who let their grades slide during the pledge process.
  "Apparently when I was around two, I was sitting down eating something and my uncle came up to me to pretend to steal my food, but before he could get close enough I very seriously pointed at him and said \"DON'T even think about it!\" They all got a kick out of that..."
 I don't like it anymore. I don't care if I have to sit on the toilet for 5 hours, just make me lose that fat.
  "This is odd but I think that women drinking from cans is a turn off, it just seems very feral in my books."
  "Girls who put on a dumb front. I worked with this one girl who actually spoke \"liek omg you guyz, look how pretty I made this display. Now can you really be dumber than a sack of hammers AND do well in university math classes? The answer will always elude me."
 That drastically increases the number of minimum wage workers"
  "But while you pay off a low interest debt like a student loan, your credit card debt is still accumulating"
  "I'm not arguing in favor of the current system.
  "jobs that do not have a livable wage are just there to take advantage of desperate people. no one else would work a job if they can't even live on it. the whole idea makes no sense. only teens or convicts would work a job they can't live on.
  "I would say that if you wont care or will be annoyed with the posts in the future, it's not worth liking. An example for me is a page called \"90's kids\" or something like that: even though I liked the page a while ago, I still enjoy seeing nostalgic posts from my childhood. In other words, if it gets boring quickly, it's not worth it"
  "Yeah, I use 2GB's of slow as molasses data and IT'S UNLIMITED BRO!"
 You don't hear about people pirating movies and video games that much, but everyone does it for music. Plus each song is like a buck so you don't feel as dirty doing it, as opposed to pirating a $60 xbox game or a $40 just released movie."
  "I do and it's incredibly easy to keep clean, guys. "
 Don't  get me wrong I've slipped up hard during this but I always come back to maintaining control after a  slip up. "
 You learn something new everyday. "
  "You died last time you fucking shit, don't drink and drive you fucking asshole.
  "Another factor that comes into a more advanced analysis, and addresses OP's point directly is the question of how hard an employee will be to replace. If you have adegree in some relatively nuanced field and/or a good deal of experience in that field, it will be very hard to find another employee who brings to the company what you can. The company will pay you accordingly, it might take them months to find or train an adequate replacement so they give you a good deal of money and benefits so you don't feel an impetus to leave. If you work for Walmart, there is effectively no challenge in finding someone who can do your job as well as you do. The idea isn't for you to be thinking and managing, it is for you to show up and do the same rote routine over and over so that they can ask any random person off the street to do it when you quit. They can employee just about anyone they want so they don't really care if you leave. These correlate to low and high supply of labor, respectively."
  "You wear those stupid shoes don't you? And think you're smarter than us all, but you still look stupid."
  "I once got into a heated public dispute with my dad because I said \"Thank you\" to the deli lady at the grocery store when we were getting one of those fried chicken platters. I can only top it when I was similarly berated by my Mom for thanking her for dinner. SINCERELY thanking her for dinner, mind you, which somehow set off the idea that I was deliberately being a dick.
 I like Kendrick and ab-soul a lot.
  "[you should probably watch before you insist \"ehh, so you have to search harder. so you have to work harder.
 I lost so much respect for my boss(es) when I realized that they were blindly running a company into the ground...and wouldn't even admit that they needed help"
  "Considering minimum wage in a lot of areas leaves you with negative income monthly, its not steep at all, its impossible."
 I have made a very good living\"Flipping Burgers\" my whole life.I hate people who trash chefs/cooks and try to put them into the same category as trash collectors and such.FUCK YOU!"
 She said she \"couldn't do it\" and planned on leaving the vet and letting them put the cat to sleep after she was gone. At the time I felt worse for the cat (obviously), and the vet and vet tech who had to be at work killing cats on their new years eve."
  "Me and my identical twin brother would always tell our mother we weren't which ever one she thought we were just to confuse her."
 Ignoring the fact that my city doesn't even have public transport, I pay about $200 a month for my car (gas and insurance). This gives me the freedom to go literally anywhere I want literally any time I want without having to rely on anyone else."
 Step 2: Wait for someone to call you out on it.
 German sounds so badass and talking about someone behind their back would be fun.
 It doesn't make you a bigot if you're not attracted to a certain group of people but it makes you bigoted if you degrade them outwardly as a reason why you're not attracted to them.   "
 So when she said \"Let them eat cake,\" it must've been a sublime message ;)"
  "[Tony Womo Out Three to Four Weeks with Broken Widdle Fingey]( "Sounds tough, did you learn them all at the same time?"
  "My eyes are up here. "
  "I went to Alamo Drafthouse to see Catching Fire, ended up seated next to a drunk couple who were talking through the movie. Afterward they offered me comp tickets and food vouchers, but since I only get to see movies in a theater about once a year, it doesn't do me much good.
 Supply and demand sets the market price.
 But the key is that you never stop eating the shit sandwich, so all you can do is try to eat less shit with every bite."
  "landscaper, aka laborer, doesn't at all show what a business owner makes Edit: sorry I didn't specify, by landscaper I meant the guys with years in the business that own their own, clearly a worker won't make that, but the business's I do know, pay their guys about a 120 a day, which is still WAY above minimum wage "
  "Whenever I start stomping my lab starts spinning in circles, and blasts off into a random direction with her ears in battle positions. She will run like mad and *crash* against a wall.
  "As a woman I was surprised to find that they sort of hang off the front, not in between the legs like my own equipment."
 So I might try that. I got a big file a few days ago but it only had German and other language subtitles.
 Most of the people that I see raising complaints about minimum wage are talking about FAMILIES not getting enough to live off of minimum wage. If you make *minimum wage* then you can't support a spouse and two kids!
  "He already kinda has that, he can regenerate at will. He doesn't cause it would take up a regeneration"
  "We'd see economic turnaround - eventually - but it would be coupled with a cripplingly low birth rate. What you propose would create something much more dramatic.
  "As a non American it took me a little while to work out what that meant but the second it hit me I laughed like a fucking idiot for a good while."
  "I wish mine wasn't a true story about where I live right now :(."
 How is the \"bring the frozen pop-tarts to my tent\" model going to facilitate that?"
  "I help people all the time with their iPhones on basic stuff like this.
  "When my phone battery dies"
  "Basically, you can make a livable wage. You just can't demand where you make your living at if you bring nothing to the table as a worker."
  "Well no, it's supply and demand. Technically the current minimum wage is already cutting into profits, as it inflates pay rate past what it would be in a free market.
  "I think panoramas look better coming from portrait but sweeping sideways because you get more vertical scenery. "
  "In I am legend when will has to kill his dog..."
  "It blows my mind that people here don't realize that phrase is mostly used sarcastically"
  "I read your post.
  "I'd read lots of books, learn to play instruments, get better at drawing and etc until the point in time where I've changed enough things for the better to continue to the next day.
  "You're assuming that other jobs that earn less than $22/hr actually involve less work than you're doing now. "
  "When I was little my brother and I use to put pillows under our shirts and be sumo wrestlers.
  "Get your filthy paws off my silky drawers!"
 I thought this was a light hearted, giggle thread."
  "This one has always spoken to me: Cost Of Living Now Outweighs "You sir said what exactly is in my head but put it into better words thank you very much "
  "Of course she's using the job to pay for college. I'd rather hire someone that's working to pay for college than someone who's working to pay for his drug habit. Why do you also assume Chris can be worked with? Sounds a lot like someone who doesn't like to work hard. Add the misdemeanor on top of that..."
  "Need more people like that in this world"
  "Last halloween we bought this kit you can use to make it look like you're tearing someone's arm right out of their socket, blood, bone, shirt and all. It was pretty realistic looking and got a few screams last year so this time we decided to try it in public at the sandwich shop Alex's dad owns, because that place is always nice and crowded. Basically the plan was for the fake hand (manned by Alex) to get stuck in a grinder and he'd trip and the force would tear the whole arm off. I was standing next to Alex and focusing entirely on the crowd when bunch of small kids walked and I knew this was the best shot at big reactions. Without looking, I grabbed what I thought was the fake hand and shoved it into the grinder... but I pulled too hard and prematurely set off the blood without tearing the shirt, making it obvious that the whole thing was a disappointing fake.
  "They basically use a hollow needle and pound it into your hip, but like, the back of your hip.
  "Don't give yourself too much credit.  "
  "My cat Opal likes to be held like a baby while she sleeps. When she gets into it, she starts snoring and purring at the same time.
  "Hmm.. this looks like a lot of work.
  "I rarely ever see anything about kardashian or Kanye unless I watch one of those celebrity shows. "
  "13 assassins, badass movie if you don't mind subtitles."
  "When I'm petting my balinese 5yo while he's laying on my chest, and he opens his eyes for a brief instant, reaches out with his soft paw, and gently pets my cheek. His eyes are so expressive. Or when he walks up to me for no reason and bunts me (it's actually a thing). It means they accept you as master and believe they are safe with you. "
 Theyshould be legal everywhere, so women don't have to choose between travelling across country at what is already a stressful time, or going through all the risks of childbirth and later pregnancy for a stillbirth."
  "Go to school get a degree sounds easy enough, unless you dont have the means or support network set up to help. Living alone, working to pay the bills and eat leaves little left over for school bills or books, yes you can sometimes get aid and loans to help you out but your still looking at 20k ish in debt. In canada u have 6 months to start paying back the loan when done school. 6 months seems like a long time, but when you think how hard it is now to eat now it makes it hard to take that leap of faith, knowing that within 6 months of finishing school and working full time, am i going to still have it in me to keep working, interview for better jobs and have my finances fliped over in time to start making payments on my loan in time? Sorry dont mean to jump on your post, but it just sounded to simple. School is so much easier to do when your young, god why didnt i learn that sooner! Roommates dont work out so well as you age, its a fun youth thing. "
 Is your taste also super sensitive?"
 I didn't do anything stupid other than perhaps over state how close I was following the real douche bag in this story. Seriously dude...lighten the fuck up you're coming across like the real tool here.."
 He fell asleep on our couch one day, and we thought it would be funny to do that thing where you singe the tip of a few of someone's hairs and make it smell really bad. So, my roommate took a tiny amount of this guys hairs and pulled it out, and held a lighter up to it for just the briefest second to get that little \"singe\" going. We quickly put it out by hitting him with a couch pillow, which is what woke him up (his hair hadn't been on fire long enough to hurt him fortunately, but also means he didn't wake up). So basically, instead of singeing the tips of a few of his hairs, we burned half is hair off in a weird, non-symmetrical patch. Also, he was initially just pissed that we hit him with the pillow while he was napping, and didn't seem to understand why we were freaking out. So despite our efforts to inform him and apologize, he didn't see his hair until going to the bathroom. I turned my back, but my roommate, who was already facing away, instinctively turned around to see what the commotion was, and got shot in the eye. So myself and my friend who's hair we half burned off got to take my roommate to the ER. Fortunately, he didn't lose his vision, and my friend didn't have any burns, and I came out looking like the worst offender simply because I was the only one not hurt. **TL; DR - It shouldn't even need to be said, but pranks involving fire are the worst idea**"
 The majority of people who run are crazy white people, and Ivy Leaguers."
 Just found this post humorous. "
  "I don't use facebook because I simply don't give a shit about other people."
  "I would draw a wonderful kitten called Archimedes and go on adventures with it."
 Girl was giving me a ride in her car and turned to get something out of her purse in the back seat, and in the process caressed my arm with her boobs. In fact I think she might have been wondering if I was gay and was trying to find out.
  "Obviously, saying you will go and then not going is bad. You're effectively lying, and in the worst case you ruin other people's time because they were relying on you for an activity that is no fun with not enough people (and it is too late to organize something last minute). On the other hand, just saying you will not go is acceptable most of the time, depending on your reason. But not going to a party because you don't feel like it?
 Then you don't act like a douchebag."
  "High expectations are set by porn, then in \"reality\" the men find most women cannot meet their expectations--cue disappointment."
  "Here's my 2014 advice, I will make it good for your brain and body:  start listening to audibooks and doing walks/jogs or fitness. Well, you see moving your body is really good for you, 3-4 times a week at best with 1 hour or 2 of activity depending on intensity. Usually people say that's boring, but mind you what if you listened to a book while doing that? I am minding my audience here and think that redditors like reading books. Listening to audiobooks while commuting and doing physical activity is rewarding for your brain and fun too. I listened to many Terry Pratchett books and it was FUN to go to the gym. I was like, yeah finally getting to the gym to listen to what happens to Sam  Vimes next. There're great podcasts too like history, economics related etc. find some of them to add some variance.  "
  "If you don't understand what you're trying to say then I'm not sure why you find your opinion worth sharing. You seem to think the job should pay a livable wage based on how difficult it is (even though lots of worthless activities are difficult, and lots of valuable ones are easy) but then you want to determine how difficult their job is indirectly by whether or not the person doing the job is educated? Any resulting shortfall in individual wages is probably best treated as a separate problem solved by gov't welfare, a guaranteed basic income, private charities, or other options."
  "He must have blisters from working the shovel."
  "Nice guys don't stand out. You have to demonstrate something that separates you apart from the pack. Everybody can be nice but what can you do that makes you *better*?"
  "I hate when I go skiing and it has not snowed in awhile. The snow gets all cruddy.
  "Yes, I can "
  "So... uh how exactly are these people going to go towards improving themselves if they barely make enough to support themselves as it is while working minimum wage? If I recall correctly, things like education cost time  money, something people working minimum wage don't have a lot of. Where are they supposed to get that time  money if they're already stretched so thin? "
  "Well if you're flirting you should make it clear that the touch isn't accidental. If it's accidental of course it doesn't do anything for me, but if it's intentional I'll get that you're flirting with me and react accordingly."
 When she wasn't home, I would move them just a couple of inches each day, so that they slowly migrated across the yard.
 I raised my hand and said Krypton.
 Most are plastic and easy to tell that it's fake once you pick it up."
  "TIL I can only read 5 Onion articles without premium :("
  "I'd shrink a poisonous spider, because  1. I wouldn't see it (already small, now almost microscopic after shrinking) 1. i could train it to bite people on command, and they wouldn't know because they couldn't  see the spider. It may freak me out to own a spider, but it also kills my enemies.  "
  "You could solve it by simply giving financial aid to parents like many other countries are allready doing.
 The NSA exists to spy on friends and foes alike so that American policymakers have insight into what consequential people are doing and saying. Their techs were *supposed* to figure out how to beat the iPhone, and *did,* and now we're supposed to scream and shout and RAEG that the NSA accomplished its mission?
  "OMG I just did a milk spit take from my nose ! "
 But you're being downvoted because you are complaining about how the downvote system works versus how it is used and redditors generally think it is funny to use it wrong in this type of situation."
 It's a lot easier to get the exercise thing down if you can find a sport you like.
  "I don't sleep nor do I drink coffee.
  "What happens when all the companies that WERE paying their employees $8/hr have to raise their prices because their cost of labor just essentially doubled? And then people will demand, once again, minimum wage be raised, and it's an endless cycle and is what causes inflation to be so drastic. The market would level itself out if people would just leave it alone! People will work for a wage they consider reasonable, and companies will pay the wages necessary to get people in the door. All the regulation is a temporary, artificial fix that simply creates more problems than it solves."
 (Like never buying large purchases on credit, set aside sufficient savings to survive for 2-3 months at a minimum, than keep saving from there, etcetera)"
 Did you miss that? I'll explain my (unpopular) opinion again: too many minorities know how to game the system to receive government aid, and those who game the system don't deserve that aid.
 Once saw an elderly woman go around it twice in the wrong direction."
  "I wouldn't give a shit. "
  "People may cry Photoshop, but I have seen this exact sign at the Safeway about 3 miles from my house.
 I've actually had a woman push herself into it before even letting me out once I opened the door.
  "Nothing can touch: Gay Teen Worried He Might Be Christian. "
  "You can close porn when you're done, a woman wants to stay over all night and cuddle."
 Getting out of work, getting out of a \"family get together\", eluding the police, etc."
  "My K-Mart paycheck at age 16 was *the* motivation for me to start my own business which went on to make quite a bit of money, and provide quite a lot of consumer value."
 I'll have to watch all of them"
  "\"Dancing in the desert, blowing up the sunshine.\"   Pack provisions for the first activity, if you must, but avoid the second activity."
 I wish I had that atheists conscience that tells all human being what is right and wrong, or the magic sky fairy or whatever it is that drives your moral compass.      "
  "I hate you now. I know I have no logical reason to, but reading that made me hate you."
  "So if we all good Protestants wish to force the preservation of all souls (through hard work and frugality) then punitive taxes are the work of God.
 You can't transfer your gold to someone else, you gotta buy it."
 There are many reasons, i'll just give this one example. I already make around 3x minimum wage. The reason being, if min wage is increased, we will probably see an increase in cost, which leads to increase in price, which means I effectively receive less money. This is under the assumption which i would believe to be true, that i would not see a proportional raise in my wage. In fact, if everyone got a proportional increase in their wage while minimum wage increawed, nothing would actually get done. Prices would rise proportional to the original increase in minimum wage thus leavin gthe effective buying power of the min wage worker the same. I as a rational human, want more things for myself, and i know an increase in min wage means less things for me, so I am against a min wage increase.
  "I feel for you. I start asking questions, even if it's outside my usual interests. Small talk just makes me shut myself in. And man, do I envy you. I'd love to have the experience of working in a pet store."
 Second, imagine drones delivering pop-tarts to you from the nearest grocery store after tapping out an order on your phone."
  "I know my old Design Technology teacher designed his own, made a model, got the gold from his dentist father  my dad cast the final.
  "Swallow 2 pieces of string, by the end of the night I will shit them out and they will be tied together...
  "Most men secretly have at least one kinky thing they like and they can fantasize about having sex with someone way out of their league"
 The bacteria breaks nitrate down into nitrate?
  "Write until you get writers block, then get introduced to amphetamines and power through it. "
  "Ask and ye shall "Here is a top post about peoples favorite opening lines of a "People who rage engage before taking a breath. I'm guilty of this but I've learned when to walk away and calm down."
  "The term 'posta' instead of 'supposed to' makes me want to punch people. "
  "Sorry I'm still on this but it's important that people understand how germs spread and far too many "I'm just going to leave this here so I can learn to cook!
  "They pretty much keep adding chains and changing bases.
 He was much shorter and skinnier than he looks on TV, and I just told him I was a big fan and he shook my hand."
  "Tax service and your dog will never leave nor forget you."
  "Separation of the waste disposal outlet from the recreational area."
  "\"10lb Ghiradelli chocolate \"cake\" slab which we broke apart with a hammer.\"  I think we can answer that"
  "Is he Russia's greatest love machine?"
 I've been totally telling the computer I just sold 12 green teas when it was ..like..two green teas and a bunch of fruit punch. "
  "Maybe it's the recent marathon due to illness,  but I read that in Zoidberg's voice."
 $7 an hour isn't a liveable wage at McDonalds; however, the work someone would do at McDonalds is simply not worth more. Jobs like that are NOT career jobs. They're not designed to pay $15 per hour because in theory you're not supposed to be working there forever or trying to support a family with the job. If you want to make more than that, then you need to do something such as get some more education, apply to better jobs, talk to some people about finding a better job, etc."
  "Eventually, somebody else will reply with \"I don't know why you're getting downvoted. You're absolutely right because x y and z.\" And then your karma will go positive."
  "Can't remember title but it's the one where the storm \"reportedly hits large land mass south of Texas\""
  "Nothing yet (might go for some more Irish whiskey soon), but I'll definitely consume Sherlock today with a voracious appetite!"
  "Fuck this takes me back. We went on dates a couple of times, and she wasn't that nice, and she was up herself. She would look down on other people like they were below her. I had fucking plans, and she knew it, yet she told me to blow off my friends party and come with her. * \"You're funny, I always get what I want, always, now hurry up and come with me.\"  \"Oh, you always get what you want, huh? I want to break up with you.\"  Then I left.
  "I don't know any men who say porn is better than sex, even porn addicts.
  "You'll spend more on entertainment than you can imagine. Also, If you can cut out fast food entirely a few Rubbermaid containers and a visit to the local grocery will save you a bundle.
  "I put my foot down. I go away from the light as swiftly as possible. Passengers in my car tell me to slow down like I'm in the wrong."
  "As a man I appreciate this. I tend to get shit when I try to help with stuff. I understand that some people would rather do things themselves because there are something's that I would rather do myself, but I always try to include them in some way because I believe in teamwork in a relationship.
 x-1 people isn't enough to get everything you need done, and you're wasting money at x+1 employees. Just because wage goes up doesn't mean the amount of work that needs to be done goes down. Could you try working with fewer employees to maintain your profit ratio? Sure, but it'll likely lower your profits because of reduced production. Either way, the guy at the top ends up taking a hit to his profits. One way everybody who works for him gets screwed, or everybody who works for him makes more money."
  "For me, it's putting on a seatbelt, the car crash mechanism ^? always kicks in when I try to pull the seatbelt a few cm out."
  "The thing is, a lot of people living in this region of income live on cash alone. So they will get most of their taxes refunded to them - but they still have that money taken away first."
  "I go with the definition that a living wages means you don't have to go the government each month to get by. That they  have enough to save a bit so that school can be a possibility, that taking a sick day is possible, etc. I look at other countries with a higher main wage and see that walmarts and McDonald's still make a heathly profit.
 As a varsity swimmer, sometimes my teammates will point out when a dick is super obvious, and we generally just turn around and do our best to fix the situation."
  "Chicken tikka from the buffet and red bull.
 I'm not the mod of this sub, I can't delete your comments.
  "\"Don't you love me?\" is not a question, it's a threat. "
  "The \"average\" landscapers are the guys the *landscaper* hires to follow him around and dig holes, lug shrubs, prune trees, etc...It's the same in most other trades, one who runs things and several subcontractors, apprentices, or laborers who do a lot of the grunt work.
  "I support this idea. "
 Kinda like a forum.
  "I think the downvotes are because you seem to think that person had an unsympathetic view of workers. Surely you can agree that a head of household shouldn't have those jobs, even if they do?
 Spoiler:  The detail I hate is the ending.
  " Companies, similarly, have a maximum amount of money, that, if they pay higher than this, the cost of paying you isn't worth the value you bring. As an unemployed, I don't have to work for a lower paying job if I can live on my unemployment (no pressure), but a company needs workers to do the job, otherwise no sales.
  "My camera for some reason doesn't stabilize if I turn the flash off, so I can't take good pictures at night."
  "And let's not forget that writers are constantly being asked to work for free.
  "I reread 1-3 and I get what you mean. But as the books progress so does the maturity of the writing and story. It takes time to really appreciate the value. Plus I think it helped to read the series as a kid. To appreciate the content at the accurate and intended ages."
  "For some reason I pictured you looking like my mom.
  "if im ever shopping for my mom or dad or whoever, if i see some guy in his thirties behind me who's holding a loaf of bread, while i have basket full of stuff, i'd let him pass. it makes his day a bit better and faster, and his 10 seconds dont kill me who'd take 2 minutes."
  "Momento is a great iPhone app where you can actually tag your entries so you can search them more easily."
  "Probably yes but I believe the grammar for American sign language is bizarre since it's based on French sign language."
  "Me too ... 2100 block of Cienaga Street!
  "Far fewer problems indeed, however it'll take more than just a wage increase to get there."
  "I get the feeling there are so many people out there who don't do thing they are interested in just because it makes them different, which they construe as \"weird.\"  Yes! So many people want to do what's considered \"cool\" by the majority, and are afraid they'll be rejected or will be actually \"worth less as a person\" if they stray from that. To me nothing could be cooler than being strong enough to be different and weird and content with yourself. It takes a strong person to do that. How do so many people not get this? "
 If we got married she wouldn't even have to change her last name!!"
  "Why wouldn't you just use a keyboard or a touch screen on your phone/tablet? I guess I kind of fail to see the use case."
  "And obviously people who advocate raising the minimum wage believe that there are significantly more people who are worth $15/hr (or however much) to the company and who will keep their jobs, increase demand for other products through their increased disposable income, and create other jobs, than people who are worth less than $15/hr to their employer and will lose their jobs."
  "Well more of a design fault with the receptacle in vertical situations.
  "I'd like to eat and breath through completely separate tubes and holes please.
  " If result not found, close Chrome by double-clicking top left of window.
 I like this movie a lot."
  "Generally when the issue is pressed many people abandoned such a position. If you phrase it as \"So to afford housing, food, water, and basic health, one must risk a lot on debt, hopefully pick a profitable major throughout the course of their life, ect simply to have the CHANCE to have the bare minimum required to live?\" Usually when phrased such as that people scramble away from that position."
  " You know what they say, love is ^blind.
  "It hasn't reached midnight by me yet but I imagine it will be Jameson+Red Bull and falafel"
  "Show me your math where paying the 8 people working at a McDonald's an extra $2/hr means you pay $20 for a Big Mac."
 Loved it, ate a lot, vomited, feel nauseous by the mere thought of it ever since"
  "Did you not read my *first*? To me, you sound like a female comfortable enough with her friends to talk about sex/men(?) openly enough that this is possible to come up in a conversation, as the comment reads from an **objective** point of view based on [the term used: **that guys**]"
  "Then you have a short memory. At the time, the police were putting on armor / rugby pads, and then were getting on motorcycles so that when they hit the protestors with their clubs, they could do so with 60 km/h swings."
  "Remember to bring duct tape and rope"
  "Just use \"axcept\" or \"eccept\" to cover all your bases.
 a minimum wage that makes sure they have enough to eat every month  The minimum wage as it stand in the US (around 7.50 an hour) is WAAAAAAY over this mark.  "
  "You guys must be really nice for all them to drop what their doing and come over to the bar!"
  "Of course we can piss standing up.
  "The fact that I have to constantly wipe my ass after I shit (like I go through 1 roll of toilet paper a day) then having to put a new one on..."
 Didn't take shit off of nobody. Would dress up as a sexy bhoney to get his way.
  "If you think any of the potential kings/queens will end up on the throne, then you're wrong. This will end in ice or fire!"
 Every car in F1 follows loose guidelines and different car companies make them. NASCAR dosent follow lines. NASCAR has 2 turns per lap that are easy and don't require braking. F1 has 6-12 turns per lap that involve breaking shifting etc and not hitting people. "
  "Man, I love doing this!"
  "God that is even more dumb then bit strips, and the people who always say \"HEHE TRY LE BERTSTRIPS!!
  "I had an insanely gorgeous woman approach me in a hotel bar and ask if I would like to come up to her room with her around closing time. When I got home from my trip the next day, my wife said she wanted me to move out. The FIRST thought I had after the shock wore off was, \"I totally should have nailed that girl at the hotel.\""
  "Finding a sport you enjoy helps immensely.
  "I tried to call the mother and talk to her and the kid, but she's always disliked me and seemed to blame everyone who knew my friend for what happened. She made it clear that further contact was not gonna happen, and I didn't have the heart to argue with her. He wrote back to regretfully confirm and asked me to keep writing him. Hell, if he'd murdered someone, I probably would have sent him care packages and letters and shit. I can't imagine having a conversation with him ever again, much less seeing him after he gets out of prison.
 Allowing the market to set wages in a surplus of workers means keeping people at the starvation level. Forcing wages to be higher, or supplementing the lowest incomes by taxing the wealthy, doesn't kill the economy, it just changes it's shape into a better form for almost everyone."
 For some reason, I always tried to do things that would make him proud and tell him about what I did during the day as soon as I got home."
  "Always remember to bring duct tape and rope."
  "But I'm doing it to cut back on smoking...."
 It doesn't matter how nice they are treating you personally, if they are jerks to people who are there to serve and help you out then THEY ARE NOT GOOD PEOPLE."
 She's either all over you, losing her absolute shit, or in her crate sucking on her \"pillow\" (more of a rag now) looking pathetic. If you stick your finger anywhere near your mouth, she flips- whining, crying, high pitched barking, the whole deal. I love her to death, but I'm not convinced that she's living in the same perceived reality. "I can't wait for the \"Carrie Diaries\" episode that shows her horrible accident and the reconstructive surgery that turns her into Sarah Jessica Parker."
  "I don't make/have enough money from working at the factory to feed myself, my spouse and my 5 kids.
 I need to get healthy and fit in my wardrobe, plus as a full time grad student it's a great way to clear my mind. You just gave me some faith that when I run my 10k in March the experienced runners are not gonna be laughing at me.
 That incredibly dramatic scene where the Ents break the dam above Isengard, and PJ has to have that gorram Ent (the one on fire) coming running in off screen and douse himself in the water. Way to ruin a great scene. Of course everyone knows it's more important to follow the letter of the law than the spirit of it!
 I pay about $700 a month for gas and insurance, but I'd be paying at least that much if I sold my car and moved out, so I'll stick with driving until I'm done school."
 Friends will react positively."
 Great way to find what interests you in these threads quickly. I've cut my procrastination in half!"
  "When the sound of the dishwasher interferes with my TV watching enjoyment.
  "About 8 seasons of trailer park boys I'm working my way through it and just got to Lucy's new boobs. They look fantastic. "
  "Why make them illegal? You can choose where you donate your money."
  "Oh I do, I love warband. "
  "Cost is extremely relevant as it has dramatic effects on the supply curve. Rising wages for the poor will also affect the demand curve.
  "This job model also makes it so teenagers are making *way* more than they're worth simply so the adults doing the same job as them can live comfortably on their own. Minimum wage jobs are supposed to be temporary jobs while one gets an education and furthers their value. Bagging groceries was never meant to support someone for life."
  "The 15 minutes, or 5 seconds of fame that we all are supposed to get is a lie.   "
  "No, man; she just seems like a cool chick."
  "It's good that you were lucky enough to get those loans, and it's good that you were able to get a job where you were able to pay back those loans. Some people take out loans, work hard, study hard, go into a field that they think will allow them to pay back those loans, then the economy crashes and the job they had been studying for dries up, and then the end up in debt for the rest of their lives. You have no idea how much luck has played in your rise to success. I'm not doubting that you worked hard, that you still work hard, I'm not doubting that you put in insane hours, but so have millions of other people who were not as lucky as you. Hard work alone will not guarantee success, you still have to be in the right place at the right time. "
  "We'll cross that bridge when we get to it. Which will be never."
 Raising it to $9-10/hr still wouldn't be able to support a single mother with one or two children and you can't base a wage on those factors due to wage discrimination. It's better than nothing don't get me wrong as it'd help those who are single a decent deal but those with kids would still be left to rely on food stamps. Keep in mind I'm not arguing that minimum wage shouldn't be increased, I'm arguing that doing that and only that is an inefficient way to address the issue. To word in economics speak, my suggestions are more efficient than simply increasing minimum wage because they leave more people better off without really leaving anyone worse off. "
  "Using chrome, works without it. I just get a SSL security error."
 (I hated doing it too) It's all a numbers game, but at the time Radio Shack didn't pay crap for commission and I went elsewhere (among many other reasons)."
  "I can dislocate my left wrist on demand.
  "No I have them at our local grocery store "
 Once you've stuck your foot in your mouth, don't reach for the shovel."
  "I kind of like being compared to a shoe."
  "Au contraire, nothing satisfies quite like cracking a grunt on the head with the but of your rifle."
  "\"Gonna tell her that I'm sorry for the pain that I've caused. I've been listening to your reasoning and it makes no sense at all.\""
 I'm pretty sure you can just click 'unsubscribe' or something along those lines to free yourself."
 Getting dick punched in the cervix *hurts so incredibly badly* it will often end sex. Most porn stars aren't 9 inches, they use camera angles to make it look bigger. Some poor guy is going to have a 10 inch dick and not be able to have sex comfortably with the vast majority of girls, just like some poor girl is going to have a 4 inch vagina and won't be able to have sex comfortably with the vast majority of guys."
 Because a lot of people forget about the ~$2k reimbursement check they get at the end of the year.
  "At my store the computers only let supervisors do that."
 I love the idea of Putin having a massive underground server farm! "
  "[Wikipedia Celebrates 750 Years of American you read it, know this: paragraph five may be the piece of comedy I remember at end of days."
  "Bet on every Super Bowl winner and winners of all games I can remember. "
  "It was a pretty epic design flaw you did with our eyes, you put the nerve endings in front of the retina making us have inferior vision.
  "Some guy cut out his nipples , and stitched himself up"
  "Use your arms or hands to hold, let's say a box, then instead of bending your lower back , bend your knees then with the box in your hands  unbend your knees keeping your back straight."
 When my dad saw me driving like that after I passed the driving test, he blew a gasket and claimed my anti-10-and-2 driving lesson (risk of broken arms from airbag) was retarded teenage babble and reamed me out for driving \"like an idiot\". There needs to be a PSA for all the outdated drivers out there to save those poor teenage souls from a potential beating-by-crazy-pop."
  "So let me gt this right, there are places in the World, and more importantly in America, where people walk up the moving steps/path ways?
 Balled my eyes out.
 It doesn't matter whether people think it's 'proper' or not, since it works."
  "I joined a fraternity in 2005 and saw the \"hazing\" get easier and easier. My frat was pretty mild as there were consistently issues on campus. There were always rumors about bad things that would happen but from what I can remember it wasn't THAT bad, just took up a lot of time and most of the hazing was getting yelled at and cleaning the house. I was the last pledge class where the brothers were allowed to completely trash the common room, trash cans overturned, food everywhere, condiments on the wall. This happened twice and we had to make the room spotless before we could go home. I didn't see much of it as hazing, just a lot of cleaning and getting yelled at. We did some pretty awesome stuff though, like playing ultimate frisbee at 5 a.m. instead of the usual jogging around campus and towards the end of pledgeship we were blindfolded and driven to a very secluded cave about 45 minutes outside the city. Upon arrival we were un-blindfolded and got to explore the cave together, so awesome.
  "If the IRA doesn't fall through..."
  "I had my top front incisors filed down, as is procedure for crowning, and had a temporary cap put on them until the actual crowns could be placed. One day the cap feel off and my slivers of incisors were exposed. The dental hygienist cleaned them using water and streams of air and it was the most acute and awful pain I've ever experienced."
  "That...does not sound good at all man.  "
  "I never wank to people I know, or even picture them naked. It just makes things awkward. If I ever get a girlfriend that might change.
  "I want a laser cannon grafted onto my chest to crush those who disobey me. "
  "You should not be able to see your own car.
 Why would it drop, that sounds crazy? It drops because when the poor get money they do this crazy thing called SPEND IT. The poor and middle class do not sit on their money or ship it out of the country to avoid taxes, they SPEND it and when they spend it something happens. I'm sorry you never had a class in economics, did your school not offer one?"
 It's incredibly difficult to find a partner who matches you on enough levels, trusts you, communicates effectively and is willing/able to participate in whatever sexual desire or insecurity you might have. (and work through it)   Porn is easy. Porn has enough diversity, that you can exactly what you want, almost instantly, with little to no \"drama\" and little to no effort. \"Real (good) sex\" takes significant work/effort. "
 Easy for public to read and understand who is voting for what exactly. Less weird poison pill amendments which would hopefully lead to less ads that claim \"Congress person X voted to kill all the babies in - /u/MinisterT  C'mon dude, at least [cite who said it if you're going to plagiarize someone else's thoughts and ideas."
  " I think you should seriously consider why you feel this way and try to change it.
 And yet one's whole life is complete at that moment, with a line drawn neatly under it, ready for the summing up. It's page one and every channel that says what they did. It's page 12 and the community bulletin that says they were found innocent. "
  "Imagine by John Lennon would make for a pretty fucked up totalitarian dystopia. "
  "I would still live in scotland but in the countryside and I would give half of the cash to my family and still keep working but shorter hours so I can have a little more Me time."
  "My dog will sleep in with me and won't leave my room until I'm awake. Even when the other humans in the house offer him a way out. When I do wake up he'll stand over me and give me kisses."
  "If I could go back in time, I would just laugh my ass off every time I did something stupid, who gives a shit about what others think of you, it's your opinion about yourself that matters at the end :)"
  "why shouldnt silver be worth more than gold?
  "*reads user name and thinks* \"Yeah, he would think that's what makes a man.\""
  "It was a brothers account he never used, when he saw me browsing he gave me the details."
 I want to eat your heart."
  "My girlfriend does this all the time and it drives me insane."
  "[Man Dies After Secret 4-Year Battle With "Relevant "Eh, saves water. "
  "I just played you a solo on the ol butt trumpet"
 If I were not making minimum wage i'd give you gold."
  "In Thailand, can you leave your house while wearing underwear and then take it off once you're outside?"
  "I don't necessarily find dicks sexy. I find what they do sexy and who they are attached to as sexy."
  " The more you try to explain, the worse it'll be     Care to explain? I see what you did there.
 I can confirm this"
  "It's a spray, you spray it everywhere as a prank, and it turns even the best smells into a death chamber of poop."
 Would your actions change based on whether you knew for a fact you were right/wrong? Do you still think burning fossil fuels is the way to go? Do you think we should drill more? I don't really care if climate change is real or not, all I know is that if it is real, we have to do something now. If it is fake and we still switch over to green energy, we still end up better than we are now. tl;dr:  skip the debate, let's work together on what we can agree on.  "
  "I'd rather not have my balls dangling where they can be easily struck, so air cooling isn't high on my list of demands. "
  "This makes me feel like there is justice in the universe. Mainly because my first day on a city street, I almost got rear-ended and killed by an asshole like that, and I like to think it was that driver."
 Easier than denying the reality and potentially more destructive because a person in denial could attract the aid of others, but someone who's indifferent can lie and say \"Yeah, I'm working on it,\" and will be left to their own devices, screwing themselves over. Ad hominem diverts attention from the real issue if your attack is strong enough."
  "A lot of people have made great points about the supply and demand in this situation, but I think one thing that doesn't get enough attention is that the living wage isn't just this magic number that works for everyone. For example, living wage for a 16 year old fully supported by their parents is essentially $0 (they can survive and live well with basically no income if they have to, as most teens in this situation are working to have money for wants rather than needs). On the other hand, a single mother with 3 children will have a higher living wage. For example, some people might consider a car to be necessary, while others can make do walking or with public transport. Obviously I'm not sure of the specifics of your living situation, but The only possible way to make sure everyone has a living wage would be for companies to analyze each person's situation and come up with a number, which clearly wouldn't be fair because you don't want people earning different wages at the same company for the same job.
  "From what I understand, if you are using a flash from more then five feet then its useless."
 He breathes loud and wheezy, always has the sniffles, has sneeze fits of ~15 sneezes several times a day, and has a meow that sounds like a newborn kitten even though he is almost 5.
 I explained that after my black Lab \"Joshua\" finishes his dinner, he likes to go upstairs and lie by the bedroom window and look out over the back yard. THEN, when my Great Dane \"Harlan\" finishes HIS supper, he will go upstairs and hassle Joshua - he will give him a stiff poke with his snout, then run around in a big floppy circle, poke him again, run a circle in the opposite direction, etc (hence the rumbling noise). \"Eventually,\" I said, \"Joshua will tell Harlan to leave him alone\" (right then we heard this loud \"RAWRRFF\" from upstairs), \"...and Harlan will come back downstairs\", at which time Harlan trotted back downstairs and into the kitchen.
  "Well you can contact the postal delivery service and they should be able to track who did it. But in UK we have to sign for things over a certain cost, and everything else goes through the letterbox or to neighbors if it's too big.
  "I fucking hate my girlfriends cats. There is absolutely no love there. However, they are soft and I love them."
 At some point, it just became clear to us and to everyone else that we cared more about each other's happiness and well being than just about everything else in creation. After 10 years, we'd already seen each other through most of the things that break couples, and it only made us stronger friends. "
  "Yeah, I just popped in to say 'OP', upvote whoever said it before me as I was sure it'd be the top comment, and bounce.
 I see too many people just hold their elbow up and sneeze into the air, assume the elbow catches the germs magically or something. "
  "He doesn't, but he made it sound like he held one position in one post and then switched sides in the next.
 I hate how Javert kills himself at the end. I always felt he should just relax, take a deep breath, go home to friends or family, and say \"you'll never guess who I ran into at work today!
 Don't even get me started on japz."
  "Until a cop shows up.
  "Better load the pointfile then."
 People just think they can get 5 of each flavour across like 5 assortments and say \"ohh I have 25 cans of soup\". Those things drive me up the wall.  "
  "I feel like this is going to become a \"best of\""
  "Hah, get of reddit, time saver"
  "Our pet rat Ambulance (named by our 4 year old son for his favourite vehicle) will reach her tiny paws out of the cage and bounce around to get our attention. When we open the cage to say hi, she will scramble up my arm and sit on my shoulder, refusing to leave until she has had enough pats and kisses.
 Let's say they are currently facing the choice to sell 100 units at $1 profit each or 50 units at $1.75 each. Clearly they will sell at the lower price point and net $100 (versus $87.5). Now increase the cost of labor by $.50. Now they will make $50 versus $62.50, so it makes sense for them to raise prices.   "
  "You leave my Saden alone."
  "Thanks, cheers and happy new year "
 You will lose your fucking mind a few times, try not to stress over it. You'll worry about birth defects and that kind of shit more than long-term raising stuff... at least I did. It goes away once they pop out healthy with all their fingers and toes and shit. Then you basically get too overwhelmed in the day-to-day of taking care of baby and trying to find sleep here and there to worry about distant shit like whether they will be nice people later on.
  "If you live near a university, try to speak with the art professor if they have a welding/metal working/sculpture program."
 I have no qualms about abortion and live in a county where it's free, so it could technically cost me less to get abortions than to use condoms. I still use two forms of birth control. You don't need to make medical procedures illegal to convince people that they don't want to e having one every year. Abortions are very safe, but they still hurt more than taking a pill, which is why noone uses it other than as a last resort."
  "I did this to 2 different ladies and it wasn't as smooth as you're making it out to be.
 But here is an up vote for your user name."
  "I feel like I've read this exact thread before..."
 Didn't find any. "
  "Non interest "
  "A few years ago we had to read Walden, upon half the class revealing that they didn't read the whole thing he said, \"no one actually reads Walden, all the way.\""
 You can tell when you're there who's actually a good person and who's just fucking with you because they can"
  "Wow, blast from the past...is IRC even still around??"
  "Oh your mom totally gets banged. "
  "One of my cats comes when called, and will jump onto my lap when I tell him to. The other makes this adorable \"Brrrrupp\" sound when jumping on anything as if saying, \"Here we go!\""
  "I wanna know how you say \"I broke my pencil\" in German so I can yell it out loud when it happens."
 No one has to encourage others to masterbate though.  "
  "Don't make fun of me on the internet!
  "One year my son asked Santa Claus to bring him a door. When I asked him why a door he said \"because Santa will be a all like 'why does this kid want a door?
  "That sounds fantastic. What has happened in this day and age that makes you think we are moving in this direction even a little bit? "
 Rough dominant pegging by my girlfriend, something about anal play really tweaks my nipples if you catch my drift. Exhibitionism, I love having sex where I may get caught, also voyeurism. Sometimes I just like to watch my sweetheart work herself. Choking, a little bit of slapping and pain play, nothing serious. Nothing like spitting on my asshole before forcing my face into the pillow while she tells me what she thinks of me. If I recall any more ill post them. "
  "I wouldn't necessarily remove any classes, but I would make them optional past a certain point. Basic math skills are obviously necessary, but anything beyond that is just a waste of students' time and a source of frustration. Physics, chemistry, biology, trigonometry, algebra, and calculus are all pointless classes for 90% of the students forced to take them. We have government classes, but no one explains to students how the government ACTUALLY works, we only learn how it's SUPPOSED to work. I'd call this class \"real world politics\" and it would inform students of the rampant corruption and manipulation that actually runs nations.
 You get the point. Or you can show me your math where only 8 people are employed by Mc'Ds? "
 Everyone there that was stuck were either the managers (who did make living wage) or they were stoners, drop-outs or felons. I even heard one person saying he was mad because he couldn't get a better job due to the fact that he had to pass a piss test for anything he wanted to do. Also knew a guy who was chronically unemployed because he couldn't stay off of drugs long enough to pass a drug test."
 I will get some for myself and my party. Also... Are you familiar with ongoing consumption of this to keep my levels balanced? "
  "I know, sadly, people seem to think a logical argument is ultimately right even if the assumptions are wrong, and it's unsound. "
  "It sounds like you're talking about an initial launch of a new technology. If you go to home depot now, or any other store where self checkout machines exist, they've become the standard and work extremely well. I think you would be hard pressed to say that in the long run they weren't a huge cost and effort savings for the company. "
  "Not only that, but skilled trades are a *must have* for maintaining our society. It's ridiculous how many college educated individuals can't replace a simple light switch or don't know how to fix a leaky faucet and yet look down on the people they have to call to do what they can't."
 Not extravagantly, but healthily, which is a dang sight better than they're getting paid these days. If the job is important enough to pay someone to do, and also has them working all day, then they should be paid enough to live healthily."
 I guess this is what i see wrong"
 I just paid tuition, my credit card bill, and my rent. Between now and then, I have to be able to put gas in my car, and I'm not working. And NYE is never that much fun for me, especially when it's in my hometown (I hate being back here), surrounded by people I don't really care for, in a town I feel trapped in, paying for drinks I can't afford. She doesn't pay for rent, tuition, clothes, or gas...and she's judging me? I wouldn't be fun to hang out with anyway."
  "All the stolen signs from the streets, malls, or elsewhere."
  "Gardening/farming use it to cook and sell."
  "I often do that too, happened a couple of weeks ago and the 5 year old I care for looked at me from across the room like I just sneezed all over her face or something."
  " 3% of the workforce is on minimum wage  I think this figure is misleading because it doesn't include people who *barely* make above minimum wage, like those that make $8 an hour. The difference between 7.65 and 8 is like $60 a month.
 I would imagine that they are chill as fuck like in finding nemo."
  "Did you find what you needed?"
 I have to factor in which one has the most fuel in the tank cause filling up cuts into my \"better things to do with my time\" factor.."
 Traditional Mandarin and Japanese are much harder to learn because they're symbolic languages. "
 Men who refer to themselves as \"nice guys\" tend to be oblivious douches who think that they're entitled to women's attention because they hold the door open. If you're genuinely a good person that should give you an advantage with women, but I'd suggest reflecting on what exactly that means. "
 But I do think you're over thinking it if you think people are trying to impress people by using them when they dont know how. Some people just don't know how and will try because its one of the few opportunities in their life so far to try."
 What about those people out of work for the 5 or 10 years it takes for those new jobs to become a reality?"
  "You can be in any thread you want, but in a thread marked serious a comment like   The real world is calling you and it would like you to check your privilege and wake up. is going to get downvoted, and ought to be. Personally I agree that a full time job should pay a living wage, but you're never going to convince anybody of that by being that condescending."
 Its just a 5ft light bulb on a stick I can never see them in time."
  "BOB SAGET, I'd love to be ridiculously UNfunny for a while... Oh shit-wait!"
  "I don't think the tin flavor would be very appealing.  "
  "Isn't Australian minimum wage something like $16/hour and unemployment rate at 6%?"
  "American Psycho was a first date movie for me... it explained a lot about him, actually. "
 Simply because the people in firms who set the wages want to pay themselves more, and nothing is stopping them. With high unemployment and with every other firm following along with the same strategy, there's no reason to pay anymore than you have to. If we actually wanted to say \"from a Macro perspective, what are the best wages to pay?\" you'd see a lot more profits flowing to workers on the lower end, since them getting paid better has a more direct impact on a firms success (through customer interaction, economic activity etc) then sending most of those wages up to the top."
  "Daycare teacher here...   That would make my life so much harder..."
  "where did you find that piece of garbage ,teen life quotes? i bet your one of those people who buy into every bit of thrash the media shoves down your throat please educate your self, "
  "Doesn't matter what little things are illegal. Case in point; anyone behind the wheel of a car. Where apparently having a big truck means you're allowed to park across 5 spaces because your dumb ass is driving a 30 foot long vehicle in a city. "
 GO OUT and find a drunk girl to bang tonight, it's the easiest night of the year"
  "Actually, it can backfire very hard - if you're gunning the gas and spinning your wheels, with the steering wheel turned, you will spin like a motherfucker when they get traction"
 Asteroids don't affect us"
 This adds nothing at all to the conversation except a snide implication that an American should be *happy* to be living on the streets, begging for spare change and dumpster-diving for food.
 Most people can use a blinker without even taking their hands of the wheel. It takes very little effort.
  "I love when I am laying on the couch and he wants to get up on \"his spot\" but my legs are in the way. He stands there and stares at me, does a little growl. I tell him I won't move so he jumps on my legs and weasels his way around them. He stares at me, groans for about a minute while he tries to push my legs off the couch, then he either gets off or I give in. It's just so funny to watch him act so human and get annoyed. His birthday is also Christmas and believes every present is for him. We can't put gifts under the tree until the day of now!"
  "assembly line type stuff. Monotonous repetitive stuff that would make me stare at the clock all day.
  "Meh, my deodorant is inflammable, let me throw that in the fireplace.
 It sounds cool and I wish I could live in one of those places.
  "Haha, I was gonna say cheese slices too! We only had real cheese when I was growing up and I would go to my friends houses and think cheese slices were an amazing treat."
  "that i love my job as a food scientist. you'd be surprised how many are interested to hear about someone else actually enjoying their job.
  "Yeah getting all defensive and insulting isn't a good way to make a point. You still miss the point there's a lot of places offering free wifi. I live in a small-ish town and still can think of a half dozen places within walking distance that offer it.
 She seemed like a nice person!"
  "It'd be great if we established some kind of crosswalk convention-- say, a painted box at the edge of the sidewalk. If a person stands in the box, cars **must** stop and the pedestrian **must** then cross."
  "\"Get busy living or get busy dying\""
  "\"What doesn't kill you makes you stronger\" -Kelly Clarkson (What Doesn't Kill You)   Yeah no, what doesn't kill you can leave you a paraplegic or vegetable."
 She bolts down the hallway and just plops herself down in front of me, stretching. I love it. That's not super adorable, but the thing she does that is unique (I think) is that, if I'm home, she feels the need to have me stand over her while she eats and I have to either have a hand on her or pet her while she eats."
 Made it 3x as sensitive but it hurt like a bitch after and I had to decon EVERYTHING. "
  "Only fat people and really skinny people look bad in them. Don't say things like this."
  "Derrick Rose would give u gold "
  "It doesn't, but if you raise the income of those burger flippers they have more buying power as consumers and are better for the economy."
  "It is 00:17 in UK now, so I guess my first food and drink is going to be a packet of cheddar cheese  bacon crisp along with a carton of ribena.
  "Chris has the opportunity to change when he is hired. Wants to open her own business or B. Wants to work in upper business."
  "You signal your exit dammit. "
  "I would kick the teeth in of the guy that kept bullying me for no reason, also I would try to be a lot happier and stop worrying so much about nothing. "
 Although most people would describe it as a no-skill job (they are right in some respects), sweating it out on your feet while having to move around incredibly fast was not something everybody is capable of doing. The amount of money that anyone worth their salt was being paid is atrocious and insulting, especially for the adults that worked there.   "
  "To women: every time you guys wear heels/shoes without socks and after taking them of do all your guys feet smell gross?"
  "Dick pic to the girl I took on a first date yesterday."
  "What is \"we really hate when people call our city this\"? Jk, but most people here seriously hate that.
 It's unlimited plan looks pretty good actually, especially when buying 2 phones.
 But I would definitely pay it forward.
  "related: people using the mouse to move the cursor when filling out consecutive fields on a form instead of just pressing tab. It bugs me at least. "
  "Til: Redditors don't know that your balls are outside of your body to keep them cool."
  "This does not account for the at least somewhat skilled labour that only get minimum wage. These include things like certified nursing assistant/home health caretaker, child care provider, EMT, automotive technician, lifeguard, and ski patrol. Between these sorts of jobs, food handlers, and sanitation, we put a heck of a lot of trust in people we are not willing to pay a living wage to."
 If I did that everybody would be proud because all I ever did was sleep, ask to feed me and poop.
  "Where can I submit a bug report?"
 I don't see that being shipped from China. Many of these already have been shifted off-site (though generally not overseas):  * food prep - most fast food places receive their food partially prepared to minimize the prep needed in store  * cashiers - this is two jobs, order-taker and money-taker. The first one has already been moved off-site in some cases (e.g.
 I ended up falling asleep in the bathroom of the place I was at after I pissed, shit, and threw up simultaneously. I hope to never get that trifecta again"
 Yes, one person might not have the needs of another person so its best to just screw over everyone and keep shoving all of the profits earned by the workers into the pockets of the top .01%. I get where you are coming from, I heard about that billionaire's son that didn't get the aircraft carrier he wanted for Christmas so he had to settle for his own island in the south pacific, poor kid, if only these poor people knew how much he wanted that aircraft carrier maybe they'd all be nice and take a pay cut."
  "Then why are you on /r/AskReddit, this place is a notorious closely racist place"
 I guess you needed to download some sort of device to order it, but due to his research it panned out.
 But he was ready to find out.
  "I'm as unracist as the next person, but if I have a fuckload of resumes, half of which are going in the trash without even a glance, Shakweesha Latifa Mambazo's is going in the trash. "
  "In cases like this, (if you aren't comfortable telling someone to be quiet, or shushing hasn't worked) ALWAYS go and grab an usher. A) it's their job B) the time it takes for you to go grab someone is less time away from the movie than if you were to sit there politely, but mentally seething and plotting their deaths, and C) ushers LOVE telling people to stfu, or leave (they deal with bitchy customers daily and never get to be rude back, it's the one time to assert dominance)  Source: worked at a movie theatre for 4 years. "
  "Which by the way does not help with the White Collar population looking down on us  honestly, my opinion on that is that they can go fuck themselves if they want to look down on skilled workers. If it's so menial, do it your damn self and I'll watch as your house burns down because you did it wrong.
 Also, as someone who's bi-curious, I would probably go out and try to get laid. Then use what I learn for future partners."
  "If you are the person with too many items, the people in front of you in line don't matter; they'll be done before you start. There's never anybody else in line *behind you* when you get into a line. It's the people that walk up and get into line *after you* that get screwed when you have too many items. Also, most people are too selfish to leave the line when they have too many items and a line forms behind them."
  "I love a happy ending."
  "Related: Not wrapping them in something before they put 'em in the trash. I don't want to go to throw away my q-tip and see a bloody tampon."
  "I like my asses like I like my coffee,  ground up and in the freezer..."
  "Letting the mellow yellow and flushing the brown down."
  "I'd happily live in the Star Wars universe, even if I was only a nerf herder."
 Placebo effect and the brain Functional imaging  upon placebo analgesia shows that it links to the activation,  and increased functional correlation between this activation, in the anterior cingulate ,prefrontal , orbitofrontal  and insular cortices, nucleus accumbens , amygdala , the brainstem periaqueductal gray matter ,[77] [78] [79]  and the spinal cord . [80] [81] [82] [83]  These changes can act upon the brain's early stages of information processing: Research using evoked brain potentials upon painful laser pulses, for example, finds placebo effects upon the N2P2, a biphasic negativepositive complex response, the N2 peak of which is at about 230 ms, and the P2 one at about 380 ms.[41]  They occur not only during placebo analgesia but after receiving the analgesic placebo (the areas are different here, and involve the medial prefrontal cortex ,posterior parietal cortex  and inferior parietal lobule ). [84]  Different areas in the higher brain have different functions. The prefrontal involvement could be related to recalling the placebo and maintaining its cognitive presence in a \"self-reinforcing feedback loop\" (during pain an individual recalls having taken the placebo and reduced pain reinforces its status as an analgesic). [85] The rostral anterior cingulate cortex (rACC) and its subcortical connectivity could be related to the expectation of potential pain stimuli[86] [87]  The higher brain works by regulating subcortical processes. High placebo responses link with enhanced dopamine and mu-opioid  activity in the circuitry for reward responses and motivated behavior of the nucleus accumbens, and, on the converse, anti-analgesic nocebos responses were associated with deactivation in this part of the brain of dopamine and opioid release. [78]  (It has been known that placebo analgesia depends upon the release in the brain of endogenous opioids  since 1978. [88] ) Such analgesic placebos activation changes processing lower down in the brain by enhancing the descending inhibition through the periaqueductal gray[78]  on spinal nociceptive reflexes , while the expectations of anti-analgesic nocebos acts in the opposite way to block this. [80]  The brain is also involved in less-studied ways upon nonanalgesic placebo effects:   * Parkinson's disease : Placebo relief is associated with the release of dopamine  in the brain. [89]    * Depression : Placebos reducing depression affect many of the same areas that are activated by antidepressants with the addition of the prefrontal cortex[90] [91]    * Caffeine : Placebo-caffeinated coffee causes an increase in bilateral dopamine release in the thalamus. [92]    * Glucose : The expectation of anintravenous  injection of glucose increases the release of dopamine in the basal ganglia of men (but not women). [93]    * Methylphenidate : The expectation of intravenous injection of this drug in inexperienced drug users increased the release of dopamine in the ventral cingulate gyrus and nucleus accumbens, with this effect being largest in those with no prior experience of the drug. Dopaminergic reward pathways  may underlie these expectancies\".
  "And that is why I don't wear boxers. Boxer briefs or briefs, to keep your junk on lockdown."
 Sometimes I actually wanted to hurt her back, but I felt week inside because of her, so I spend my time in my own anger. Each time I hurt her, I grew bigger and she grew smaller, and at first that felt great, finally being the \"big one\". But with each hit, I also grew more angry, and the angrier I got the more I wanted to hurt my mom. And then suddenly my mom tells me to stop, but in my voice, and I look down and it's me, and I am my mom. And in the dream I had this epiphany, that hat only generates more hate, and no matter how much I would hurt my mom, it wouldn't help, because it would only make me more angry, and I would be the \"monster\" I hated. After that I worked hard to turn things around."
  "I had to wait 12 hours on a bus to cross over to the U.S from Mexico. It's a pain in the ass process... every bus has to have all the baggage removed, have the baggage inspected, have the bus inspected, and have the passengers checked for proof of residence.. Word of advice: Anybody traveling to the states from Mexico... get off at the border town, call a taxi, and cross with the taxi.. saves you approx.
 That show is just starting to get interesting."
  "I love em!
 Obviously other positive things about a person can outweigh the negative. "
 will never forget"
 It was nice to not worry about that cost on top of the rest of the wedding expenses. "
  "I can peel a banana.
 I get to work and walk in the store, and my coworker looks down and says, \"what's that?\"   My underwear from the previous day had fallen out of my pant leg and onto the floor of the store. Had to grab them and run to the back to stuff them in my purse.
  "It really depends on the type of lobbying. Obviously, they would have to talk to the oil lobby to discuss what land the government doesn't need and has oil underneath it, and negotiate the price of a permit with individual companies. And say the oil companies want land on a National Park or near a reservoir. The environmentalists do not have anywhere close to as much money as the oil lobby, so Congress does not hear their opposition as much."
  "Fake tan and bitchy"
  "For me the opening movie line is \" I was born a poor black child\" by Steve Martin in 1979's The Jerk and for the book it's Charles Dickens A Tale of Two Cities. \" It was the best of times, it was the worst of times, it was the age of wisdom, it was the age of foolishness, it was the epoch of belief, it was the epoch of incredulity, it was the season of Light, it was the season of Darkness, it was the spring of hope, it was the winter of despair, we had everything before us, we had nothing before us, we were all going direct to heaven, we were all going direct the other way - in short, the period was so far like the present period, that some of the noisiest authorities insisted on it's being received, for good or for evil, in the superlative degree for comparison only."
 With zero regulation, sure, we can treat people like dirt. It takes society coming together, to raise the standard. We can talk about how beneficial it is, at least in the short term, to pay people just enough that they can barely stay alive. Or why pay them at all, they'll probably waste the money on something that doesnt' taste like shit, that isn't actually shit, and maybe they'll waste money on medicine that can extend their lives beyond the number of years they'll be optimally useful to us. Just give them some grub to fuel their organs for the 20 hours a day they'll be doing our bidding. Then have them dig a hole to sleep in."
 You get a promotion or because you have worked there \"X\" amount of time you will be paid better. I transferred to other companies that saw my potential and gave me a raise to switch companies. I now make a large multiple of minimum wage at the company I work for. I really don't worry about living paycheck to paycheck. I can take a vacation whenever I want to. People that only work minimum wage their whole life are there because they want to. Either Because they don't want to work hard for it or because they are comfortable with the position they are in. The harder you work in progressing the better you are paid. I know because I worked for the place I'm in now."
 Either way you look at it, they get the better end of the deal. Unemployment *insurance* is supposed to be just that: a backup payout in case you lose your job. Get another job and work year round like the people that are paying for your vacation, aka just about everyone else."
  "Facebook up, hit the lawyer, quit the gym."
  "I would like to be Simon Tam - because "I think that's a very positive way to contribute to the lives of others. Just be sure to take time outside of work for self-care. A good diet, regular exercise, and separating work from your personal life are important in order to avoid burnout. "
  "Most doctors would rather you smoke pot than smoke cigarettes."
  "\"riverrun, past Eve and Adam's, from swerve of shore to bend of bay, brings us by a commodius vicus of recirculation back to Howth Castle and Environs.\" - *Finnegan's Wake* by James Joyce"
  "Actually, if the work in question isn't that valuable to society then they should be paid a wage that reflects that lack of value.
 As a freshman in high school we began talking on Facebook, and although I lived in another state, I fell in love with her and we started a long-distance relationship thing. After two years of endless talking on the phone and texting, I moved back to the city where she now lived, where we went to middle school, and where she went to high school. I went to her same high school, finally got to see her for many years, and all around it was fantastic. I dabbled in drugs here and there and I was much more focused on this new world than her. Next thing I know my mom had to move to get back with my dad. So after a deep depression I finally managed to say goodbye to her on a sidewalk, where for hours on end she just layed in my arms remembering all the good times we had. With tears in her eyes, she finally said goodbye, and walked away. That was the last time I saw her sweet smile, her deep blue eyes, and felt her touch. She said she couldn't handle it anymore, she couldn't do this long-distance thing where she can't even see her own boyfriend. She was sobbing saying sorry and we can still be friends and so on. I miss her everyday of my life."
 I'd seriously rather have some love handles to grab."
  "Until you find a wadded up piece of toilet paper that's all crusty.
  "i finger-peck too, because that's how i always did it and i cant get used to the standard method. but everyone who sees me typing on the computer says i type really fast, and i do.
 I'd lend a Matt a $20 and expect to get it back in a reasonable time."
 Why did you take so long to reply?"
 Its important to me, to shre my love with the right person, and have a fututure with someone.
  "Translation since I read it wrong the first time. My boyfriend jokingly told me to not say something because it would sound like his ex wife.
  "It is light hearted. It's so hard to convey over the internet."
  "I will take note of that..."
  "My dog purrs like a cat. If you pet him or hug him he makes a purring sound. He also goes insane if you cover your head with your arms.
  "In an ideal world the money people pay in tax to the government that gets given to the poor would just go to them directly in the form of higher wages or more jobs, with lower tax bills all around. In the real world however, businesses try to keep their wage costs down while simultaneously reducing their tax bills using clever accountancy, therefore offsetting their responsibility to their lower paid staff. We have the situation where people are working all the hours they can for their employers, but the employers are expecting the rest of society to help make sure they're fed and clothed. Your ideas of responsibility are limited to individuals, but not to businesses, and by extension the individuals that run them."
 But you can keep it all if we can have weed. "
 Then we can also bail out big companies when they make bad decisions. We can spend obscene amounts of money in an effort to eliminate the natural Highs and lows of the economy. Because fucking with markets always works so well. "
  "Because the market really does control prices; products are already usually priced at what the market will bear. Less money will just go to shareholders and upper management bonuses which are way out of line with their actual value."
  "I doubt you have worked very long in a retail store, because a warehouse and a retail store are VERY different. In a warehouse there are no consumers to interact with, you are simply moving things from point a to b. In retail this moving and rearranging are secondary, the primary job of most retail workers is to provide customer service and sell product."
  " But i'm just curious if our current technology could actually make something like this or if it already is in production. [Some researchers are working on adapting the Kinect to convert sign languages into spoken "Alcohol. Either legalize weed or make alcohol illegal. Alcohol can be so much more destructive to people's health and their families."
 Even if you can only practice 15 minutes a day, do that, longer if you can. Get a teacher if you can, even if it is for a few months. Having someone to correct you and point you in the right direction will cut tons of time off of just learning on your own. You will suck for a while, but when you crest that hill, it will be all downhill from there."
  "They look good?
  "Tossing his phone into the ceiling may have been crossing the line."
  "Ironically, plumbers make extremely high amounts of money if they're smart. $100 to fix a toilet here? $200 to fix a leaky pipe there? *  I've known quite a few people in the service industry like plumbing, mop the floor with money because they're in high demand in their area."
  "independence day... will smith's wife is a stripper.
 Costco wants to keep their employees around to reduce operational and training costs. McDonald's doesn't, because they can train a new fry cook in a day. "
  "  Why should somebody who makes 100 grand pay 60% income tax while somebody who makes less only pays 50%? To pay for the upkeep of public infrastructure they use to derive their income or profits. Also, unless your tax system is completely arse-backwards, they'll still have more money than people who earn less and pay less taxes. It simply relocates money from person A (the employer who now makes less profit) to person B  People in lower income brackets tend to spend more money when they have more money, which leads to their cash being injected directly back into the economy when they buy goods and services, increasing demand for that stuff and creating jobs. other economists think it will hurt the economy since there are less investments and savings on the company's side  Those investments can now occur through a range of different businesses because more people are able to buy their stuff.
 They either come to respect you, or they don't... and either way it's not your problem or lack thereof."
  "The first thing you will need when you move into your own home is a bin.
 It always looks like their hands are playing leapfrog with their knees."
  "Make the piss coming out of my dick go on a straight line everytime, and make cum easier to clean."
  "I was like, \"hey, that sounds cool. Maybe I'll try it!\" But then I thought about how gross it would be."
  "I suck at parking, but I at least give it a second try when I don't get in straight."
 Beyond a certain level of comfort and security plus the ability to do fun things, having money creates more problems than it solves. If you don't get that, you have never had a lot if money. You don't have to worry, you have funds to pursue your goals, and yet you still have the pleasure of delayed gratification for some things. You don't have enough money so that everyone dislikes you or judges you for it, but you have enough so that nobody pities you or judges you for being broke.
  "Jack in the Box has order kiosks in some stores. I agree that these establishments could roll them out in no time at all if needed. If you want to keep the human element you could also outsource the drive-thru order-taker overseas, though you'd want to make sure their English is good."
 I was sick as hell from like Jan 1 - Jan 4."
 Also to be specific, the skit where the nurse is trying to find the women's baby. I will attempt to find the link."
 You better know what's up before you're there, or you're a mile in the wrong direction before you can turn around. "
  "Nice try NSA"
  "I have a nervous twitch where I pull my phone out and spin it around between 2 fingers...how much would you haute me for it?"
 You're supposed to spread the knife right over the hole so there is a big glob of cream cheese in there waiting for you when you get to the center of the bagel."
 Your country is going down the tubes because of increasing concentration of wealth (which means most people can't afford to be consumers in a culture built on consumerism), even billionaires like Warren Buffett are calling for greater taxation of the rich, and you reckon it's all too hard on the wealthy! Actually maybe your right, hurry up and get it over with, except that when America falls to bits its gonna make a mess."
  "I've seen a news story on it, but people act like it's some sort of widespread epidemic. "
 Never heard anyone say it like that.   "
  "As a 'nice guy', who has 'finished last' a lot, I believe this is a generalization, but has there is a truth in it, which I believe is closer to something like 'Why does being nice not get me to where I want to be?'. There is a lot of good advice and some truths in these comments already such as being funny, being able to offer something, and not worshiping the ground girls walk on, moving on after a rejection, etc.. so I'll add my own $1.02. You probably don't see what is so attractive about going out and getting drunk and risk getting jailed, and you probably too intelligent to understand why you need to wear your pants around your ankles to be stylish. You are not doing anything wrong, and I guarantee you there is a girl out there that appreciates an honest and caring guy, but who knows where she is and when she is going to appear, so for now you do need to change if you want access to those social cliques you see around you. I'm sorry if this sounds cliche, but if you want to get close to a girl, she has to feel comfortable being seen with you. However, even ugly guys can get laid, and this is where style comes in. Ditch the baggy, comfortable pants, get some slim jeans, get a collared shirt from a good brand, or better yet, ask a sister or other female friend who is stylish and willing help you. Girls love doing this. Worst case, if you have no help, check the internet, browse fashion magazines, find a persona that you think you are close to, and try matching it... no fedoras please... So now you look like a douche on MTV, but that is what is popular, and just because you dress nice, doesn't mean you have to have the same attitude. When helping people out, make sure you are benefiting from it, or get favors in return. For example; ask other people for help more often, but it has to be honest, and you have to know they can actually help you, and not trying to drag them into helping you when you know they can't. I like helping you, but if I help you I want a favor in return. If she says ok, then push forward  There is a new movie/bowling alley/concert I want to see/do/goto, and I'd like you to go with me If they say no, its up to you if you want to help them just as a friend, or not help if you feel you are being used, but now at least you have made your interest clear. I still don't see the benefit to getting sloshed every Friday, or breaking the law in small but self satisfying ways, and this cost me a relationship. An average girl wants to have fun, and get a thrill out of life. At your age this means doing possibly risky things. You can draw your lines, and you need to be able to walk away when they are doing something stupid, and not worth the consequences (hard drugs, breaking and entering, etc..), because if this is what it takes to get the girl you are interested in.. then it is not worth it. Also, don't do anything compromising that can be used against you in the future. I take my own risks in my own ways, but being older and independent gives you more legal options. Keep in mind a lot of what I just said can be generalized into larger situations... basically, be confident, be able to adapt and willing to change, and appearance matters.
  "Unfortunately sperm is best synthesised at 35 degrees Celsius which being two degrees below body temperature means we can't have out testicles behind our ribcage where we would like them to be. "
  "Body parts that solely exist to get fucked up. Toenails seem to do nothing but get ingrown. The appendix seems to exist just to give surgeons something to do. Wisdom teeth literally can't grow in properly. It wastes my time."
 I have a feeling you won't tell me, and it's cool if you don't, but what university was this chapter at?"
  "Money can't buy happiness, it can only buy stuff that gives you happiness."
  "Well, its highly doubtful a complex lifeform such as mogwai would be capable of having a self-sustaining energy source, which means they would have to draw their nutrients from somewhere.
 i showed it to my friend  she just couldn't get it.
 You making someone happy, which in itself makes you happy."
 It hangs out about an inch while her mouth is closed."
  "The more you mess with me, the more I will do in order to strike you down; for I will be no one's floor-mat to be trampled on."
  " So basically, use your left and right brain in tandem like we already do? We must go deeper than that to find true reasoning.
  "You mean you don't enjoy cheering on your local high school while dressed as a druid?
 Aww yiss, motherfuckin' magic to get my shit done. "
  "I live in a...I call it an up-and-coming city. Now it's experiencing a resurgence of arts, culture, urban spaces, lower crime, etc. All my college friends who never leave campus moan on about how shitty of a city it is, and I'm in love with it. There's so many free things to do, just by strolling around in it! ), museums that let students in for free on certain days of the week. You see so much beauty just by walking."
 We are in Mexico, I can't see her face, but my family is having a great time. I keep trying to talk to her, but she's ignoring me. She comes down the water slide with my sister, and I want to go too. She says she has to grab something from the hotel room. I follow her, and I walk into the hotel room. I follow the handprints trying to find my mom, I can't find her anywhere and I'm calling out for her. there is this extreme sense of loss and sadness, but I just can't find her anywhere.
  "I got some back, if I recall somewhere between 400-500.
  "[College Basketball Star Heroically Overcomes Tragic Rape He is this not the top answer? Incredibly powerful satire that proves you can make a rape joke without making light of rape or mocking the victim."
  "Literally "I'm sorry if I'm misunderstanding but does that make it wrong?
 What sort of idiot parent lets their elementary schooler down energy drinks at breakfast?"
  "For a while in Northern Alberta when the most recent oil boom started fast food employees were enjoying $20/hr... but the cost of living there was horrendous and those inflated wages were only temporary. "
  "\"The most merciful thing in the world, I think, is the inability of the human mind to correlate all its contents.\"  The Call of Cthulhu, by H. P. Lovecraft"
 I worked full time at a grocery store during a summer and again at a book store during an 8 month period when I took a semester off, neither time did I wish for independence. Don't get me wrong...I would have prefered to get paid more, I was just thinking of examples in my life where I had minimum wage jobs without the goal of living independently. "
 I enjoy my touch on my boobs, but honestly, another's touch on my lovely fleshy orbs does very little for me.
  "From my observation, it goes  * Open Internet Explorer  * Bing is homepage, search for \"google\"  * Click link to go to Google.com  * Enter search term"
  "Probably a normal cat thing, but I love it when I scratch my cat on the lower back near the tail because she lifts her rear end up, then when you stop scratching, she sets it back down. "
  "You came from the top posts blog thing right?"
  "Just so you can use me like a piece of meat and make me your 18th? Sure, I'll get in."
 Where did you hear this?"
 Alternate feed is super efficient and people just refuse to do it. The ME first attitude causes everyone including you asshole, to take longer to get to your destination."
  "High school can suck but you can change that. "
 I feel better than I have in at least 5 years.
  "Don't take everything seriously, or else you'll stress yourself out for no reason."
  "You'd have to catch up to him first."
  "So love is not drugs. "
 You're not being forced to work for nothing and you're not being exploited. If you don't have a choice because you will die otherwise, then that is your problem. If we suppose there is no economy, you're still forced to hunt for food or else you'll die and that is how life works. With the economy, you can trade other services for food so instead of being forced to hunt, you're forced to work. Don't be selfish to feel entitled enough to be paid luxuriously without working. Food doesn't magically prepare it self. to cover basic necessities as the current minimum wage does).
  "Achieve aeronautical lift with my legs.
 It will help you out a lot."
  "Pasta with sauce and cheese or something simple like pasta tossed in a light drizzle of olive oil? Like should I have an order of lasagna or pasta salad? "
  "It's very important to me on a certain level but I've known couples who do not have the same views and they seemed pretty alright with it. "
  "O'Neal, who scored 12 points and grabbed three rebounds during the first half of the game, returned to the bench at the beginning of the third quarter, clutching at the pulled pork sandwich and informing trainers that it was incredibly tender."
  "Score a great promotion, get a much better house and give my family what they truly deserve. "
 I just wish I would run into one of those some time...
  "The air is thick with irony in these parts.  "
  "There are a LOT more people you can train out there to work a menial Dunkin' Donuts job, hence the supply is very high and they're not going to pay you as much. There are fewer people out there that can pass off as having *some* level of technical proficiency to work at ATT. Yes, your strongest salesman knows little about the product, but she is part of a group of people that has a level of class, maturity, social experience, and intelligence to work around selling technology. That amount of people in her group is MUCH less than the amount of people that can fit the bill at Dunkin' Donuts. The more unique your assets, the more you will be paid. Sometimes you need to work REALLY hard to get those assets (look at engineers that have to work hard in high school  college before getting the skills to have an entry-level job). Other times you just get lucky with some amazing talent. The high paying ones (like an engineer) require just as much work as you had to do as an assistant manager. You have to spend 4+ years studying complicated stuff and be good at it before you can even get STARTED. You get started right away at Dunkin' Donuts..."
  "The landscapers i know, don't do anything themselves, but have insurance, provide the trucks, and pay the guys, yea i guess they aren't literally landscapers themselves, they're job really is to just get accounts, and collect money. "
 I tried to slowly build up mileage, run in the most minimalist shoes I could find, etc.., but I could never string together more than a couple months of running or go above 40 mpw without having issues. I've been running for 2.5 years now without injury back in normal shoes and back to the way I used to run and finally broke my PRs from 2004 (16 min 5k, so I wouldn't consider myself a hobbyjogger). I was always told I was a very efficient, smooth runner too so I don't think improper running form in minimalist shoes is what caused my problems. Idk, it just didn't work for me and that whole minimalist thing seems to have just been a fad that I unfortunately bought into for too long."
  "Yeah, because I'm making fun of the people who feel the need to link it every goddamn time"
  "Let's just say I currently have $700 after all expenses of rent, gym, internet, electricty on bring home, so not counting what is taken out of my check at work via 401/insurance on 30K, and like i said, i'm living comfortably. If prices go up even slightly due to wage increases, that just added to the prices going up naturally based on supply/demand, inflation and taxes getting more since it is percentage based. So, let's say after natural increases, wage increase causes prices to go up 10ish% that's a $.99 burger going to about $1.09, now the sales tax on this is higher on top of everything else on the back end as well. When margins shrink, cuts are made. When cuts are made, quality goes down. When quality goes down, well, we all know where this is going...Don't be the guy living off of 30K instead get directv instead."
  "I don't shop at Costco because I don't need a year's supply of toilet paper and can't really justify the cost of buying a year's supply at one time. It's not my fault that Wal-Mart has cheaper prices and pays their employees less. I'm on a budget too, I don't have the luxury of shopping at more expensive places just because I might disagree with corporate greed."
 It can turn a 10 into a 1 IMO."
  "This is a cool concept because if you don't hold true to it not only are you a liar to others, you're a liar to yourself."
  "Sitting at home because I have to work in the morning.
  "So I'm supposed to put it in neutral before removing my pants? Or can I just push my clutch in? "
  "My one dog does this thing where I will talk to him and he does a howling/barking thing as a response. It's the weirdest thing in the world but funny because it feels like he's actually speaking to me. He also likes to listen to Bob Marley on the regular. If I put the Bob Marley station on Pandora, he falls asleep within minutes.
  "I haven't really heard many stories about myself but my aunt told me one a few months ago about when I was just a few months old, that I had the cutest little ringlets/curls and looked like a little dolly, sadly these day my hair is just like Rubeus Hagrid (Until I straighten it).
  "Natural instinct to make that person happy, well, safe.
 You can't really just compare two economies like that, especially when there's obviously way more factors that influence unemployment than just minimum wage."
  "It's not over that mark in most markets. That is why main wage workers need food stamps and other govt programs, that is why they don't have health care that they can afford. I think the main wage should be higher like in other countries and Walmart and McDonald still makes healthy profits. I want companies to pay people enough that they don't have to go to the tax payer ever month. "
  "Next government not being able to do pro-cyclical fiscal policy to dampen the effects of the recession -   Have you been paying attention? We had a stimulus package, multiple bailouts, Fed guarantees, Fed purchasing mortgages, treasuries, an expansion of food stamps and unemployment insurance..."
  "Reading your post reminded me also that the wage is really only important in comparison to the cost of what we could consider necessities in life like cost of living, utilities and food. If these things were cheaper (especially cost of living in CA) then it kind of goes without saying that most people wouldn't mind making less. "
 Yup this one hits the nail on the head."
  "Never stick your dick in crazy."
  "Oww, that sounds painful"
  "I could see where OSHA and other types of regulations might come into play as well to make this a little cleaner (especially if you draw a line at 18...24 is a bit high). When I turned 18, I was considered old enough to mill flour (the machine was not particularly dangerous seeming or hard to operate, but those are the rules). At this point, I became clearly more valuable to my employer and it might be reasonable to allow for lower wages to young people who can't legally complete some tasks. There are probably all sorts of other requirements like this where there are age rules in place (and 14 and 15 year old employees certainly can't drive cars, and many states have provisional licensing for younger teens). With situations like these, ageism is less of an issue. The company can save money by hiring younger people, but they might not be able to do everything, they won't be able to work at certain times, and odds are they aren't going to stick around when they finish school. And since most younger people don't support themselves, they might be more willing to work for a decreased wage. Sucks for an emancipated 17 year old, but it is not like having a lower minimum means that the only jobs available will pay the minimum."
 It all went okay, in case you were wondering."
  "Love is drugs without the need to take drugs. "
 It didn't work though.
 The female Jamie I know can be a real bitch."
 All you have to do is one of these things: &lt;list of escape plans that require more opportunity, income, or help from their family/networks than people on the edge generally have.
  "Do the infinite fall trick. But that would probably be a bad idea because, when I wanna get out I might die."
  "My cars got a supercharger so I guess I take it for granted lol.
  "I love a fruity cocktail as well."
  "*Alabama as "I know this thread is about men, but the same can be said about women who watch porn.
  "And when they do anything at all it takes them forever."
  "You don't see this mentality in places like retail. (maybe that's a problem with the management decisions, or maybe that's because they feel that a good retail employee isn't worth twice as much as a mediocre one). You just outlined the supply curve, again. How many people will apply for those retail jobs and meet all the qualifications? Now, conversely, how many people will apply for top end engineering jobs and meet all the qualifications + have an outstanding portfolio + have connections via networking, etc? When you are a commodity (the CS students you mentioned), you are worth more money than if you are extremely common (everyday person who can work retail). It sucks to hear, but it is simply a fact."
  "Talking about this using of self checkouts I try not to use them because I want to keep the cashiers working and getting paid. Only if the lines are very long at the grocery store and I have a few items then I'll go to self checkout. Say what you will about Targets card troubles, at least they employee real cashiers but have no self checkouts yet"
 You would still need to fire the portal into the vault, and I'm pretty sure that thing is sealed right up."
  "I like feet.
  "never get back with an ex. "
  "I think the short answer is that companies are usually paying a \"livable wage\", it's just that the people complaining about it believe a livable wage should support more luxuries than it does. If nobody thought the current minimum wage was livable, then all of these companies would have no workers and they'd be forced to raise it to the point where enough people thought it was livable that they'd be willing to work. But given that they'd only raise it to that point and no higher, they're catering to the minimum necessary number of potential employees, and all others (ie.
 Possibly with an egg fried on low with a small amount of butter on the skillet. "
 And get on to a 55 mph road. We need to work on drivers ed. Also, some guy did a right on red in front of me today and I had to slam on the brakes and slow to 20 so I didn't hit him. "
 She never, ever played but has always loved cuddles and was super affectionate as long as you weren't a man with a beard, wearing sunglasses, in a uniform or holding a pole or stick, in which case she would run away from you. Anyway.. One day I brought this girl back to my house and my normally placid walking carpet suddenly turned into a vicious attack dog. Turns out this girl was an IV drug user and shouldn't have been in my house. Ever since that day my dog turned super protective and had an especially good nose for junkies. We had a lot of parties at our house and tall wooden fence that people would often jump over... once. My dog who was completely black would wait and watch them struggle to get over this fence, never making a sound until they had overextended and were committed. Once she knew they had no escape is when she would turn into a battle dog and bail them up.
 Not to say i disagree with you but that is the main reason i would think to work in a trade like that is because you enjoy seeing the results of your work."
  "[You can start with :)   Sorry, I didn't read the whole thing.
 Also, not cool that you gave him a hand job, bitch.
  "Ayy bby u lik tape n CDs cuz imma tap my dik to ur hed so u can CDs balz"
 Throw a football through it, then maybe a puppy and eventually I'd probably pay a homeless guy to go through to make sure it didn't fry your brain or reassemble your molecules in the wrong order. Stuff like that."
  "Lasagna or pasta salad sounds good!
 He has the dumbest and corniest lines and no flow"
  " $675  Jebus, you can't even rent a bedroom in a mouldy basement shared by four other students here in Vancouver, Canada for that much. "
  "It's effectively life slavery no matter how you cut it.
  "Yeah my dream would have been to be married to my high school love, live in a nice apartment but hopefully looking at buying a house, and just overall not have to worry about money. I did marry my high school love, do have a decent apartment but a house is a long way away on the horizon, and though I'm not rich we do have enough to put food on the table, pay the rent, and afford some luxuries.
  "If my *skills* command $10 an hour, and suddenly minimum wage (no skills) is raised to $10 an hour then shouldn't I get a raise too? And on up it ripples until everyone is right back where we started but our money is worth less. You assume that someone currently at a living wage of $20 an hour who has managed to invest in themselves in the form of acquiring skills will keep working for now what is the minimum for non skilled work, if the minimum is suddenly $20."
  "After our midterm quiz our big was revealed. Everyone failed their midterm, no matter what and the big was waiting outside to console you...and then tell you it was all bullshit"
  "OP stands for \"original poster\". Suppose OP posts a picture of a mysterious safe that he discovered in his basement. OP had damn well better follow up with pictures of the inside of the safe."
  "I was really stressed out, running on little sleep, and in the throes of finals week this past semester when I decided to take a reddit break. I collapsed on the floor with tears running down my face, unable to talk. I was a solid ten minutes before I could stand again.
  "My dog loves sitting in my lap and resting his head on my arms or legs. Its not much but it makes me very gooey on the inside."
 Then why make it worse? That's a fact but not a reason or even an excuse."
 I can't hear you from there."
  "Well I, for one, like to see the Google Doodle."
 Poorly-worded on my part, since I did not specify, but we cannot ignore things like capital gains, abuse of \"charities,\" and also real estate. If I recall correctly, households with over $400,000 incomes can write off significantly more in interest deductions than houses with average incomes.
  "It even looks like he may be holding the lighter in his left hand. You can see the projectile in [this and based on the arc I'd say it's definitely coming from the area that the guy with the hat is standing. Further, I think that you can hear it make a sound as it is released from his hand and that would place the thrower just to the left outside of the frame of the video which matches up as well."
  "You wouldn't get to sleep, you'd be constantly waiting for him to finish his sentences. I imagine sloths talk like Ents."
  "My congratulatory remark was in your ability to eventually revise your comment to make sense. And not to toot my own horn (honestly if I could I'd never leave my room) but I helped you by proofing.
  "Don't forget to pay her! Otherwise it's just play time.
  "Serious:  get laid. Whoever you can get with, don't be picky. Just bang someone, and you will feel a huge weight off your shoulders and you'll be much better and walk with more confidence.  "
 It was a ton of fun, I miss programming like that."
  "I'm a pet store employee too, I feel your pain."
  "First thought was that it would be a fireplace for your screen or something."
  "Because of the fact that people don't understand that people already inside the roundabout have the right of way, I slow down as a car comes up. Not because I don't get it, but in case they don't know the rules and I avoid an accident."
  "I hate this too, but I hate it more when they send you an email saying \"you have been unsuccessful\" and then doesn't explain why."
  "I can do it in one word... Fucked"
  "The majority of the core is edible. It's just like spitting seeds out with oranges. Just try it"
 I don't believe any serious economist who is against minimum wage increases claims all the people who make less than minimum wage will be unemployed, surely some workers deserve a pay raise because their productivity was so high that they were long due for a raise. But we're talking about those who will lose their jobs."
  "I read it in like second grade but it was something like.... Even God makes mistakes.
  "The line to see Mao. It moved fast but that was the longest line I'd ever seen. I also had no clue what I was in line for, I was too sleepy to care. It wasn't until we reached the gate that I realized what were in line for."
  "The price of a criminal life, even if the law was bogus."
  "I didn't complain about anything, and your example makes no sense about buying an aircraft carrier. You mandate $15 wages or something and you will not see higher pay for more people, you will see people fired and further automation. "
 Reading makes you smary"
 I kinda feel bad for making fun of him before because he probably has a lot of stress on him right now."
 For concept, I'd image you'd need a 3-axis Gyro/Accelerometer (device used to check the X axis, y axis, and orientation) attached to some sort of gloves, which in turn would send output to a Micro-controller such as an which would process the information, then (based on the magic coding put into the Arduino) would output the corresponding words/letters to the screen.
  "Unless you're using them to pick a lock."
  "The type of porn I watch sometimes...geesh."
 I imagine that rather than firing most employees, prices for many things will simply go up. If the aforementioned prices go up, will the low-income families that buy those products be just as willing to buy at that same price? (Because those low-income families will have higher wages due to minimum wage increase) 3. Would the aforementioned situation cause an increase in the economy?
  "Sure, let's pretend that everyone is the same, has the same talents, aptitudes, etc, and tell them all to only pursue stable and lucrative jobs. If I had a dollar for every engineer or comp sci major who told me that their field is overrun by incompetent hacks who are just in it for the money, I would be rich."
 But girls, what size of dick to you like the most? Like i heard like small and others like giant dicks.
  "You can do anything, but you can't do everything."
  "Actually, merging NK into SK would have terrible implications for their society/economy, (plus a war would probably involve bombing Seoul) so like it or not, it would probably be a really bad idea for SK to just straight-up annex NK."
  "and carry on?...."
  "This is exactly how I feel, my fiance and I have different views on drugs/gun control but we are on the same page with social and gender issues."
  "The reason why kids love Cinnamon Toast Crunch."
  "This was a diagram I made to explain an odd fashion trend that existed only in the San Francisco bay area from 2000-2006 "Lol at this stupidity."
  "It's more like legalize the real stuff, so people stop killing themselves on the useless synthetic stuff."
 I would love to pay my employees more, and am willing to do so. But you HAVE to get the govenrment out of my pocket. I stroke a check for about $2000 a week in taxes. I would MUCH prefer to give it to my employeees and contractors. Most of the people I know who own a small business feel the same way I do. And trust me, ya we have those conversations. "
  "I like to tell this joke as a three parter, with yours being the second part. * The zen master walks up to the vender and asks the hot dog man to, \"make him one with everything.\"  * Second is your joke *  Third, The zen masters takes a long pause as he seems to ponder the hot dog mans words, then suddenly the zen master reaches within his robes and produces a small handgun with which he shoots the hot dog man in the stomach. As the the hot dog man falls down dieing the zen master leans over him saying, \"Yes change comes from within, and by the inner peace held by all\". Then he slowly counts out his change from the 20 and walks away. "
  "Did you spill the blood of your enemies this year?
  "I would be okay with a one child policy and a maximum age limit.
 If we only analyse these states, the number of workers on the minimum wage in those states will be under 2%."
 I would watch the shit out of some news if it was staring Ron burgundy "
  "I saw The Killers in like late 2007 in a big arena but the reason I remember it is because of the asshole behind me in the seats (it was in a sort of half of a basketball arena). He seemed to have come there right after work and he was hungry. He managed to get a big hamburger and fries during the actual performance. And he discussed with his very unhappy date whether he should go back for more.
  " claims that it's a communo-fascist revolution in disguise that will intentionally murder people and destroy businesses because of reasons. I'm British and first they took our guns away, and then NHS stormtroopers kicked down our doors and forced us to get vaccines that gave us autism. Or maybe the NHS gave us fluoride vaccines first that controlled our minds so we couldn't stop them taking our guns. I always get those two confused."
  "Because we like wasting our time here."
 Brilliant concept, except for an ending that creates a paradox and causes the entire movie to fall apart logically."
 Over 6,000 people (keep in mind this is a Rock in spanish band, not huge in the US), mainly hardcore fans singing every song with them.
  "\"Are you a Babysitter?\"       \"No\"       \"Would you like to sit on me?\"       That was 3 years ago. It took me up till now to get the joke."
  "I agree that the argument you're making is correct (in the sense that this is what is posited by those who oppose the minimum wage, or minimum wage increases), but I also want to state that the postulate:  You have a minimum amount of money, that, if you earned below this, you'd just choose not to have a job at all. **  History is littered with examples, up to and including the present day, that people can do and *will* work for \"less money\" - up to and including **no money at all. **  Volunteerism is the act of performing work for zero compensation, and there are many people who do it on a regular basis. In addition, there are many examples of people taking jobs for less than what is accepted (eg, migrant workers/illegals, slaves in many places throughout history) as  the wage for a given task. It's just simply *not true* to say that there is a level below which no one will work. There are many conclusions that can be drawn from that statement, and I won't go into them.  "
  "But they're there to cushion the farts and make them quiet.
  "It was full time work for a winter and summer, then part time hobby ever since"
  "Katie Holmes was behind me in line at Starbucks in Ohio. I didn't say anything to her but had to make a point to keep myself from gawking.
 And shave that damn neck beard"
  "All cars have 4 wheel stop "
 A single parent with 3 kids in Worcester county, Mass would need to make $38 an hour, or $76,000 a year for a livable wage.
 The grammar, at least on a lower level, is almost exactly like English and there are tons and tons of very similar words(alle, ogs, kan, kommer, for, over, opp, fra, g, ha, hallo, jeg, meg, min, etc.) Give it a shot, maybe try out some courses on Memrise and if I'm not mistaken most cities in Norway have Norwegian language classes for non-native speakers.   "
 Working for minimum wage, although undesirable, is still voluntary and therefore not even close to slavery."
 That is the long term effect from dip and chewing tobaccco.
  "The common work week in the US is defined as 40.
  "- Also, since Cheynee or whatever her name is  I don't know why I didn't see it before, but now I know you're clearly a troll.
  "My bunny licks pretty much any bare flesh I have showing (no, not like that.) He especially likes licking my face and hands. "
  "(Serious) Why is there a mentality that not every full time job should present a liveable wage?
  "Because we also like to complain."
  "sorry to see you apologizing. "
  "You act like you know my upbringing. I was raised by a single mom that worked in retail for a time, and now runs a home daycare. I see her daycare parents get excited every time one of them gets knocked up because \"Yay, I can finally get on welfare\". I paid back my school loans, pay my bills on time, and don't complain. I drive a nice car because I earned it. I'm not happy with the idea of being in a one car family that drives a Chevy Cobalt. Sorry if I don't feel bad for the people that chose to sit in idol at their shitty position in life. "
  "About 25 years ago I was all warm and cuddly getting ready for being cold and a lot of crying....... I turn 25 tomorrow."
  "Make a fortune as the worlds fastest moving business or go to the Bahamas once the make money getting people there instantly or have the worlds first long distance relationship business. Anything to make a shitload of cash."
 While it is admirable to think that someone should be able to make enough to live, working any full time job; the truth is its better that they don't. Here's why:  1) People should always have incentive to improve themselves. If you were making the kind of money you're making now, when you were working at Walmart and Dunkin D's, would you still have pushed yourself to move up? 2) There are many high school kids that work full time. Would it have been right for me to make enough money to live on my own without ever obtaining a GED or high school diploma? This goes back to incentives; if someone in high school can get by without finishing, what incentive do they have to finish and obtain a college degree? What I mean when I say this is that, there are plenty of people who are willing to work full time at McDonalds, Walmart, Dunkin Donuts, etc. By improving the wages of jobs like these, you will only increase the amount of candidates for the job. With this many over qualified candidates, how are those high school kids going to get their first job? 4) Lastly, why should employers pay more? If an employer can hire someone for $20K a year to do X amount of work; why should he pay you or anyone else double that for the same X amount of work? At that point the company will have to double its prices to account for the doubled expense of wages; all while producing the same amount of goods and services.
  "It was slow to load and was going in slow-motion... have to say it was actually better than regular speed.
 I had to take a traffic course and was shocked, because when I learned to drive in my state that was definitely illegal."
  "Condense and absorb water vapour out from the air.
 Because I'm shit with code and I would love to master it"
  "My smart-TV firmware has gotten sluggish and there's no upgrade so it can take up to fifteen seconds to load a movie on Netflix. Also, my bidet attachment doesn't heat the water it sprays.
  "stuff I jerk off to"
 Please give other the chance to speak.
  "[The rich pay 70% of the country's income "the words of one of the scared girls, \"i don't wanna be on the 32nd floor of this building anymore.\"   wise choice given the information you have."
 Men have to \"man up\" by having sex and being less emotional, and women have to protect themselves from men and sex for fear of being \"slutty\". A lot of men and women buy into all that. A lot of men have casual sex a few times and then realize they don't enjoy it as much without an emotional connection, and a lot of women decide that they'd rather have casual sex occasionally and not be sexually repressed for fear of being judged. "
  "And this is why I wear only mascara."
  "It leads to a younger workforce in the shit jobs, but if you don't start working when you're legally able, you don't bring enough experience as an adult to justify hiring you later."
  "*I see what you did there*"
  "I'm in Ontario and I see a bunch of kids using dip at my school, I'm pretty sure dip isn't exclusively for countries outside of Canada..."
  "For me, as soon as I can see the traffic on the highway I start looking back for a gap forming. Sometimes that gap can disappear so it takes time to be able to read it well. You'll get better with experience, so be cautious at first. Worst comes to worst, foot to the floor and hope someone is kind enough to let you in."
  "look at the downvotes, lol, people dont like it when you bring up the idea of cutting the rich peoples paychecks and it makes them mad. "
  "Bail right away-it's not going to get better."
  "I can see what you are trying to say they still broke the law indeed but everyone deserves a second chance especially if they have done time."
  "More like 69%"
  "I first read that as \"Jews\" and thought \"That's unnecessarily racist...\"."
  "No one likes a nice guy, because they're boring. Be interested in the things you are, and be confident in who you are, and people will respond to that."
  "This is why I used to be confused when I saw homeless people with cheap cell phones.
 It's Americas brain cancer.
 It makes sense given how insanely expensive post-secondary education has become.  "
 Even if you didn't get the South Park reference, use some common sense."
  "Salt and pepper finger ducts... And hot sauce. "
  "I didn't kill enough mosquitos."
  " Our family did ok... we certainly wished things were easier, but we lived through it, got educated, and we're all pretty   Do you think that someone born to a single, alcoholic mother in a lower socio-economic class has the same opportunities at age 17 as someone raised in a middle class neighborhood with a two working parents with college educations? Thus, children from better financial circumstances had far more language exposure to draw "This is really just depending on the woman, different for everyone. I don't like it when guys have long hair, also don't like when they fix their hair. Wax is okay, but to much and that will be a no-no too. It really just gives you plus points if you have nice hair.
  "Yes, it is more complex but that doesn't mean that 'slavery caused the Civil War' is a commonly believed fact from history that is actually wrong...which is what you said in your original post and which an alarming amount of people are starting to believe.
 I had a roommate in college who always flushed them, and our toilet would get clogged all the time. We lived in an old dorm that had old plumbing, and it just couldn't handle all the tampons. So, if you live in a nice/new place and the plumbing can handle it, then it's probably fine. When visiting other people's houses or in public places though it's probably better not to do it because you never know how good their plumbing is."
  "It is possible, trust me I was able to do it. Why don't you think you can accomplish this?"
  "Why is it wrong tough?I'm an ESL speaker and I thought the apostrophe meant possession,so \"For God's sake\" == \"For the sake of God\".If the \" 's\" isn't there to sign possession,what is it there for?"
 (and I'm not a mean or elitist person; I still have trouble using chopsticks and prefer a fork, spoon, etc.)
  "Most people don't work in IT or at a stationary desk job. "
  "Maybe you guys should find another place to whine and brag about your problems!"
  "Point taken, but in a older SUV without ABS, I use 4 wheel LOW to get down my driveway as opposed to brakes because it will never lock the wheels. "
 The biggest cultural, economic, and political issue during the civil war was slavery."
 Of course anybody wants a wage increase when they're under the assumption that they still keep their job.
  "Still don't know how you pay $100 in gas. 15 minute shower a day, cooking food once or twice a day shouldn't be driving up the prices that much.
 Bunch of idiot hicks with beards "
 Fortunately, I had sources to support me. Between family contributions, personal earnings through a minimum wage job, and government grants and scholarships, I have been able to pursue education for my career interest. Had I not had support from other sources, the best I could have hoped for in my area would be jobs close to minimum wage. Obviously, there are opportunities that pay very well for people of those qualifications. Pipelining is a very popular option for people of that qualification, and it pays a comfortable salary. Unfortunately, I would had to move several hundred miles to that type of job. Being on my own, with no help from others, the best I could hope to do would be to make a livable wage. I couldn't feasibly save up the funds to pursue those better paying pipelining type jobs. Over time, it is possible to say I could save up enough to pursue part time certification/education, but with the rising cost of living and the increasing costs of high-education, who is able to say how long it would have take. Sure, a small percentage of people could juggle two jobs, working 60-80 hours a week and eventually build a small nest egg that would allow them to pursue other alternatives. They could use the savings to pursue education or certifications, or use it to make riskier decisions. I guess the tl;dr would be from my experiences and observations of friends, it would be next to impossible to escape a \"livable wage\" situation without some sort of outside assistance. A small percentage of people could scrape together enough funds on their own given enough time, but those are a small minority."
  "So many, yet I never go back to see them."
 You're still avoiding the question as to why we as a society allow not just \"cost-saving\" where you hire two lower-paid-but-still-decent salary laborers instead of one higher paid laborer, but rather hire fifty laborers and pay them so little they cannot afford a place to live.  "
  "The problem for me is, if the company gets so efficient because of technology, or buying competitors and monopolizing, or outsourcing, then the demand is going to naturally go down.
 If you give each of them an extra $2/hr or $16 cost to the company each hour, you can do some math. Say a McDonald's sells 200 items per hour on average for each hour it's open (I've never worked fast food, but this seems like a pretty conservative estimate). $16 extra labor cost / 200 items sold = $0.08 increase on each item sold. So your double cheeseburger now costs $1.07 instead of $0.99. Except now 8 full time employees went from $16000/yr income to $20500/yr, an increase of $4500. Now, using previous calculations that this would result on a base increase of $0.08 on every item that every person buys each year. e: I realize that the counter argument to this is \"Well, what happens to the people who make more than minimum wage now, but the increase brings them much closer to the level of minimum wage?\"  Increased bargaining power. If you made $10/hr when minimum was $7.85 and now every joe schmoe working at McD's makes $9.85/hr, your wage bargaining power has increased. Except now you don't have to feel locked into your $10/hr job, because there are considerably more of them available, and if your $10/hr isn't willing to play ball, then you're not forced to stay because you can't find another job paying that amount."
  "I saw Fleet Foxes in a really small, intimate venue. I thought there was no way they could sound as good live, but the harmonies were even tighter and smoother in person.
  "I'm hoping I can break the chain on Riley. My dad named my younger brother Riley and I will do everything I can to make sure he's not a douche"
  "I can tell you that I am the easiest guy in the world to hypnotize. I just love the idea of hypnosis and love being under. The more willing a person is to be hypnotized or the bigger desire someone has for it, the easier it can be. Anyone can be hypnotized, it is just a matter of how easy it is to put them under. Once an induction works, the rest is easier (at least for me). The way hypnosis works is that your conscious mind is at rest, but your subconscious mind become hyper aware. This means that the body neither accepts nor denies instruction, rather it just puts it into action. That is why hypnotherapy works so well with people trying to quit smoking. You override the thought of \"I want to smoke\" with \"here is how I'm going to quit.\"  During hypnosis your eyes will go into a bit of a REM state, your body will be completely relaxed, your breathing will slow down, but you will also be able to hear the hypnotist clear as day."
  "I don't know about others, but for me the type that I got described me down to a T."
 No clue how/where you're spending $10 for a frozen pizza- here they range from $1 to about $5 unless you get super fancy. So like I said, around the same price, relatively speaking. While you're true about them being cheap to make, let's get real: you can't buy a cup of flour or half a can of tomato sauce, so your upfront costs are no quite as cheap as you're making it out to be but yes, it is super affordable. Yes, homemade pizza can be way better. But if you break down all restaurant prices like this, it's not really worth going out to eat almost ever, unless it's something you truly can't make.
  "\"There are Muslims over there\", not \"There are Muslim people over there\"  \"I study Islamic architecture\" not \"I study Muslim architecture\"  Islamic = relating to Islam, and is the adjective.
  "I've been trying to convince my girl to do this. "
 I hear that we can clone sheep, can't we clone our planet?^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^/s ^I'll^show^myself^out  "
  "Oh I don't hate myself. I just hate that trait that I have.
 You gotta respect that."
  "You honestly think that to earn a liveable wage, you need luck? Sounds like you're blaming your own shortfalls because you delude yourself into thinking you weren't lucky enough. Sure, luck can help. But that is why we have government support for the unprivileged to compensate."
  "Kidney stones "
 I went to the show myself because nobody else wanted to go with me but it was the best decision of my life, I was able to sing my heart out to one of my favourite bands."
  "Show people my rectum without fear of reply."
 I feel like too many people will think \"this is what I deserve\" when they are in a bad relationship. In my relationship I felt like I cheated myself for 2 years and could have been doing my own thing before I actually met an amazing man. "
  "I always say rest-ow-rant and remember that \"au\" makes an \"ow\" sound.
  "Hate to burst your bubble, but no loose skin here. Lots, lots, lots of water helped a bunch. The rest is getting full of muscle."
 David Winnick MP, questioning Mr Marshall during session of the Commons Home Affairs Select Committee, said: Weve had witnesses, female witnesses, that said undercover police agents had started sexual relationships with them - **and in some cases children had been born** - without any knowledge on the part of the women that they were entering an intimate relationship with police officers. And in their view - as one of them described it - it was a form of sexual deceit by the state why did you and daddy split up?\"  \"I discovered that your fathers a pig in more ways than one\""
  "Your body's method of retrieving fat and eventually protein  from your various arm tissues is more efficient than eating your arms for energy."
 You may have had that much withheld but there's no state in the country where your tax rate would be close to that high on $15K.
  "So what you're saying is, \"take my advice, but please don't because it would create a problem we can't solve with the free market.\""
 no air traffic aside from these two planes just running circles around the metro area. "
 They will never leave me,  only when my digestive system decides that it's time for them to go. "
 I need to film her some day. I honestly swear, brain of.
 Five years later, I'm in my PhD, and have worked with three languages doing documentation - though that part I got largely not through my degree program - it's pretty important to look at what the linguistics department you're interested in being a part of is interested in - if you get into this sort of research, it will likely be by piggybacking on your profs."
  "My friend left his account open and I posted that he had just found out he has AIDS.
  "I'm sorry to hear that :("
  "I was on a flight going to Florida, only about 30 mins into the 8hrs and reached down to get my bag from under the seat in front of me, it felt kinda wet so I thought someone had dropped a drink on the floor or something. Being that I didn't want my bag stinking of stale beer I dabbed some of the liquid onto my finger and smelt it and dabbed it onto my tongue to taste if it was beer or wine etc. It didn't taste of anything or smell of anything so I grabbed my bag to see how badly it was wet, I pulled it up onto my lap and it was soaked, like it had drenched all my books and stuff, luckily my passport and laptop were in the wife's bag. Anyways my shorts were now soaked from the liquid so I shouted the stewardess over and she came to see what was happening. The parents overheard me talking and it pretty soon became clear what had happened. The stewardess asked me if I had anything I could change into but I was obviously mid air so I spent the next 7 1/2 hours covered waist down in child piss. The parents of the kid were really embarrassed but I decided not to get angry as it wasn't the kids fault they were fucking idiots.
  "We don't need their collective wisdom, look where its gotten us.
 Right now our leaders look to immigration.  "
 I like that. "
  "try eating raw celeriac, you'll love celery sticks afterwards "
  "My black lab has this thing were he raises his eyebrows whenever someone says something dumb.
 Why enable people to further have absolutely no responsibility by providing what you call a \"livable wage\"? Which is nothing more than just an arbitrary number that liberals can increase at their whim to demand more from the government."
  "I like it when the beer shows up.
  "Damn call em out."
  "I've started to have to wear socks to bed because my damn feet get so cold I can't sleep."
  "What's your New Years kiss story?"
  "You can't always see the good in people, just accept that they can and will stab you in the back given the chance! "
 I try not to long for things/people I can't have; that's just a recipe for unhappiness."
  "I had an anxiety attack which caused an overdose which put me in therapy then led me to psychiatric medication."
  "and seriously, anyone who claims to have been \"roofied\" with GHB, has seriously never tried GHB, if you cant taste it in your drink, you're drinking a semen cocktail."
  "Are tests biased against students who don't give a shit?"
 I'm looking for someone to pay it forward to now."
  "One of his lines were \"so when I cut the cheese, just know what it is\"  ..."
  "I love when they wax poetic about the Abercrombie lifestyle. I could probably watch them again and crack up anew"
 If you can't live without a brand new car and the latest electronic gadgets, $20k isn't livable.
  "\"I don't like him, so therefore he deserves to die!\"  You're an asshole."
  "I'm not sure I can agree with you on anything you said. If the business owner makes a lot of money from the business I think it's fine that the business owner make a lot more money than the employees and there aren't a whole lot of people that are going to disagree with me, it's only logical. As a business owner you put up the money and take the risk and if you make it big you are rewarded.
 I was just logical because it was the position that contained the germs best. I'm a considerate cunt and I don't even know it. "
  "When there is mutual respect and understanding it's quite easy to compromise and work together towards solutions/choices."
  "I am American and Reddit is the only place I had ever heard of it, at least until the one dude said something stupid which made the news.
 I don't want to have to buy you shit because you're having a baby - I can barely afford my bills, so if you can't afford a car seat and baby clothes, why should I have to help you out with that? I don't get to throw an \"I graduated from college\" shower and get furniture, kitchen appliances, money for paying off loans, etc., so why are baby showers a thing?
  "Corporations can buy representatives in our government. In fact, a lot of people with political aspirations know that they must have the support of a major corporation/ powerful group of people in order to move up the political ladder so they appeal to those in power for contributions and then become their puppets. "
 It's about confidence and how you make a woman feel. "
 Everyone is free to vote as they like and they can keep it confidential. Asking about is like a five year old throwing a temper tantrum."
  "Just put a $1/item (or whatever) surcharge on any item over 15 items. I'd love to see those jimmies rustle"
  "I really appreciate you taking the time to write that out for everyone, that's why I come here. __________________________________________________________  This statement shows my obvious bias, but when I hear the argument you just presented I always think that the person making the argument is missing the underlying meaning of the question. The question, to me ,does not equate to \"Do workers deserve a bigger cut of profits?,\" but rather \"Should all full-time working citizens be guaranteed to live at least $1 above the current poverty line?\"  I feel like I might be subconsciously pulling on heart strings by turning the debate in that direction, but I very honestly feel that this is the actual question at hand and not merely a logical computation. While payroll is one of the main costs of most businesses, and so should have huge importance to a business,  our free-market capitalist system dictates that there must be a wage-earning workforce, and our society currently dictates that that free market be driven by consumer goods purchased by those very same wage-earners. People get paid a wage, they go spend that wage at businesses that employ other wage-earners who spend their pay at the other guy's business and so on. So, under the current system, there will always be a certain percentage of the workforce that will not earn at least $1 over the REAL poverty line even though they have a full time job. With this model, things have to be this way to maintain the status-quo; if you move the minimum wage higher, consumer goods rise in price in proportion. I realize that the eradication of poverty was never the goal of capitalism, but clearly it can never exist without \"intentionally\" impoverishing a given percentage of the population. What REALLY confuses me about American corporate society since like the 80s, is how these conglomerates are rapidly expanding this percentage of \"intentionally\" impoverished citizens by moving their jobs overseas for cheap labor, and making themselves suffer the consequences of a poor economy. I really don't see the motivation here!!! Can any of you economist types shed any light?"
 I want to go work for my living wage in SoCal. Considering I can get it anywhere, I'd rather get it there. "
  "What do you think Reddit could do to become even better in 2014?"
  "any kind of salty/spicy chips with pineapple juice but that's kind of heavy so i dont do it often, i go for water instead of the juice (less tasty, duh)"
  "precisely why you should vote against another increase on security spending. "
 In automating a grocery store, one could return to the clerk-oriented model of the past, with dramatically greater efficiency without sacrificing consumer choice. Sprinkle on a few mechanics and a handful of CS personnel, and you have a more efficient grocery store with fewer people."
  "I got free tickets to Jay Sean, I got to meet the YMCMB producer who is a family friend, I met Jay Sean and his whole group (his wife, body guard, etc.)"
  "\"but managed to get back on their feet whether it's due to family, friends, decent welfare programs or simple luck\"  This is so fucking unbelievably insulting. Some people manage to get back on their feet by working hard and believing in themselves."
 I think if anything, the whole elbow thing is a societal hack to get people to stop sneezing into their hands, which is worse than into the air. "
  "Amy Lee, now also Karen Gillan, before she cut her hair off."
  "Detroit isn't really that bad.... Expecially when there is a sports event.... THB I like seeing all of the old buildings. But there are some areas you better run like hell if you find your self there"
 Yes, I had a strong tendency to take my anger out on myself.  "
  "the only air traffic was around major cities and were fighter jets on patrol.
 Damned if I can remember."
 Also I like the idea of playing a line from a movie against a book, to see what different opinions are out there, hoping to spark a nice debate."
 I'm hoping this year will be my year of Zach.
 You're not the person I fell in love with.
  "2014 - call it now.
 Hurt like a motherfucker, yes."
  "Bulk food, I have a couple months wort of beans, rice, pasta and other grains and spices, and while it takes a bit of money at first, a non perishable pantry is awesome when you are broke. Learn to cook your own meals from scratch, buying food is expensive, so the more you cook/prepare yourself the more money you save. I'm still figuring alot of stuff out, but Ive never gone close to hungry, I've gotten tired of eating the same damn thing day after day when i've been low on money, but I've never worried about not eating. get a blender, you will find a use for it."
 I spend mine watching the ball drop on TV and ducking away from stray bullets from people shooting outside."
  "At my university students just walk out in the street like they own it often without looking. The mentality is that if they're in the street, cars will stop. I want to kill them."
 Keep that shit in your house and out of my face, heteros."
 Many people, including the poor themselves, seem to support the lack of salary/income distribution with a justification taken right out of the christian theological doctrine of original sin."
  "white answer card: touching children to make them feel good"
  "I see so many people try to sneeze into the elbow crook, and badly miss (not just on a sneeze with little warning  even when they have a few seconds warning), that it would be way *way* better if they sneezed into their hands. It usually looks like they get their elbow about 3 inches too low.
 Something like 20,000 people applied for a few hundred jobs at a new Walmart opening in Washington. If Walmart is such an evil company why are so many people wanting to work for them? "
  "Have you stopped to consider that sometimes people who are fresh out of school may not have the means to go back to school due to crushing student loan debt? Certifications are easier to obtain if one has the means to go/go back to school to get it. And I agree with /u/eithris, having worked retail myself and leaving after nearly the 5 year mark, it is easy compared to some of the more \"manly\" jobs you mention, but it does present it's own unique challenges."
  "Buster(cat) big fat baby that loves to stand just out of reach for you to pet him alos kneads the dough right on your ribs. Callie(cat) will cuddle at a moments notice, sometime stretching out just so her paws will touch you just to know your there but does like to launch off you with back claws dug in "
  "I've had people with septic tanks tell me that they are the exception; they feel like they can't mess anything up with a septic tank. "
  "I know, I just do better learning in a classroom environment and talking with people vs. things like duolingo and not a lot of universities offer Hawaiian :("
 She tip toes her fingers down my gouch and starts rubbing my butthole like a vagina. I literally could feel the small remains from the shit I took a couple hours earlier, ( yes I wipe But I had chipotle) I then pulled her hand away pulled on my pants and drove her home.
  "This works for current versions of Chrome, IE and Firefox. Doesn't work for some older versions, and as far as I know, still doesn't work in Safari (yuck)."
  "2004 Got my first guitar, a Peavey Wolfgang that is still my baby to this day, met my two best buddies who I have had countless amazing memories with over the last 10 years, saw my favourite band Van Halen for the first time as a 15th birthday gift from my parents, and got Eddie van Halen's autograph at that very concert.
  "I agree with SDStormtrooper, it's at least considered polite if you try and learn the language before you move to a country even if you'll be using English for school. But you should definitely check out memrise, they have a ton of courses on Norwegian. And Norwegian isn't that hard to learn if you're already fluent in English, so you should be able to pick up on it pretty quickly.
  "I agree that a minimum wage \"is pretty much only there to get you by.\"            And though is the getting away from the question, a big problem many people have with current minimum wage laws is that they aren't indexed to inflation. So, minimum wage laws (which rarely get renewed each year to account for inflation) quickly fall behind the rate of inflation. "I hate that."
  "So, in order to get intimate with you, I have to have proper grammar, a broad lexicon, and a nice pair of shoes?"
  "I think there is a duck hiding somewhere around here..."
  "I flap my tits around like a bird of prey. Then I stare at them with the fury of 1000 suns."
 She was a slow old lady."
  "I'd be happy if i got one gold... oh to only know what it's like to earn gold."
 Yes you have the right away as a pedestrian,  but that doesn't mean you can blindly step into the way of moving vehicles. "
  "I think there has been way to many to choose from!"
  "Yes, we get it. You've read The Game and that somehow makes you superior. Don't you have a fedora collection to organize somewhere?"
  "Wait,so kids can buy energydrinks in the USA?Here in Sweden the age restriction is 15 in all stores except immigrant-owned small stores."
  "I love [this too."
  "\"I would eat your box\" I mean.. is there anything else the character could really say?"
 Nobody should have to choose between getting medical care and paying bills. And dont tell me they can get it from the place they work. Almost every large company wont let you get full time status that way they dont have to give you any healthcare benifits.
  "[The "The ability not to get hungry every 4 hrs."
  "I'll fuck your mama, then you can meet my llama.
  "  live with parents, get an education   For many of us these aren't really feasible."
 I completely forgot about capital gains and asset values and...pretty much everything but income tax, honestly. "
 I can do like 70 with just rwo fingers wthout looking"
  "[Pink "Using their phones is even worse, the bright lit screen catches my eye from anywhere in the theater. I like Alamo Draft house where they thrown those bitches out."
 But so much of the language boils down to context, that you have to be exposed to it pretty regularly to get a grasp on it. "
  "Hey I think you're doing pretty good if you can count 5 **good** friends. Appreciate your friends, keep that relationship, retain an open mind.
  "Latin, look like a motherfrucking boss."
  "/u/I_kill_martians thinks /u/Corbal should calm down."
  "It's \"Est-ce que vous parlez anglais s'il vous plait?\"   Although it's pronounced like you wrote it."
  "And 4WD doesn't mean squat if you're upside down in a ditch with your wheels spinning in the air."
  "Can we finally get over that Adam and Eve thing?
  "[Desmond Howard 99 yard kickoff return in Super Bowl live in Wisconsin so I was watching it with my family and everybody lost their minds screaming and shouting.
  "Actually: follow the signs on the traffic light post.
 For me, the men in most porn scenes are way too fit for my taste or, too out of shape, or too old.
  "my dad accidentally dislocated my arm when i was little by pulling me up a slide by the hand. ever since then i've been careful to wrist grab people when being pulled up/pulling them up."
 All four seasons and you can drive 100 miles in any direction and get a complete change in scenery. It really is a great place :)"
  "Probably the false sign language at Nelson Mandela's funeral."
 businesses like retail and fast food are fundamentally illegitimate"
  "It washes off and she'll probably learn better in time."
  "Interesting, I'm indifferent but it's mostly how people weed out non-locals it seems haha."
  "Japanese i watch a lot of anime and sometime hate subtitle and i want to go there to visit and if I like it will live there."
  "you're not a woman then, they like scumbags"
 Prove it  [John Quiggin - Prof Econ Uni Queensland writes on  In this case food in particular. I am saying that people who are in a position where they do not have to work (the children of the ultra-rich) still take up positions of public service, or undertake degree programs that cannot possibly make them the same money they already have. Do rich people get butt-hurt when they are accused of being out-of-touch parasites? [Oh my word they arguments are just as legit as the ones I put forward, which is to say based in nothing and largely a waste of time. If you want to debate ideology, just replace the topic at hand with Red Vs. Blue, and you will end up at the same place. You make a statement or a series of statements. I reply, giving some form of rebuttal. You then get angry and accuse me of being ideological - this is not how it is supposed to work. "
 I absolutely could not get by on minimum wage where I live. The lowest rent around here is about $1000 a month. That's almost your entire pay check."
  "Don't overwelm yourself pick 2 ofthese and practice them. "
 As for income taxes, [the bulk of them are paid by the  I do realize that gas taxes and sales taxes are regressive, but those aren't used to pay for food stamps. Why transfer that obligation to Wal Mart customers? And why would I want to promote a business model like Wal Mart?
 But I'll try anyway. He is the reason people pay money. If the burger flipper wants to quit, he can fuck off and starve. Meanwhile the shareholder performs no work of any benefit to anyone but reaps the reward of another person's labour.
 You would need to raise the minimum wage to $20/hr in order for wages to match their value 100 years ago, back before the federal reserve. It's not so much that those jobs pay less, but rather the money you make buys less than it did. As an example, 100 years ago your could purchase ten gallons of gasoline for 50 cents or an ounce of silver. In other words, you can buy 1/60th as much gasoline per dollar as you could 100 years ago. Stop printing money based on debt, and wages will hold steady while the dollar increases in value. Unfortunately, that will never happen. Our government is too deep in debt and will need to keep printing money until the whole thing unwinds and falls apart. Just wait for a couple years and we'll see $20 a gallon for gasoline if they keep printing at the same rate. By the way, the stock market isn't really going up...there's just negative interest being earned at most banks. It's a great time to buy gold and silver."
  "I don't really get your meaning here. Unless you are someone who enjoys writing for it's own sake, how does this improve your life? The phrase \"It's something that can never be taken away from you.\" doesn't mean anything to me in this context."
 I'd really like to spend as  absolutely little as possible."
 The worst part was they kept trying to get me to dilate- you're supposed to get to 10cm and I never got past 3cm with contractions every 90 seconds.
  "Love gets mixed in with lust and then it gets all bad.
 Husband got great seats a few rows back.
  "To what color am I dyed? The size of the dyed thing changes   because of the difference of the dyed color. I can grow up if it dyes to good people color. I want to dye me to such a color. To what color am I dyed? The color to be dyed   changes under the influence of the private life. I degenerate if it dyes to villain color. The color for which I hope is a color with high brightness.
  "I had no idea I could save posts until this post.
  "So far, draw in Paint.NET, eat carry-out, and play Minecraft."
  " People should always have incentive to improve themselves. Even if Wendys paid $15/hr, I would still try to get a job that wasn't as miserable."
  "Gull stones "
  "Ugh this one girl said she wanted to such the milk out of my nipples.. "
 I started to see improvements after just a few days doing kegels.
  "It's what you get when you have minimum education, minimum motivation, and minimum skills."
  "Most likely it'd come with stipulations requiring work or school to ensure people still do their jobs... it could even be worked in to replace things like ebt cards paying on a monthly basis..."
  "You technically do eat through your anus..."
  "Kirk Gibson's home run in the '88 World Series and Ray Allen's 3-pointer in Game 6 of last years NBA Finals."
 Amazon, Google, eBay, someone will probably hop on the band wagon."
  "Get rid of that sleep thing."
  "This is why is chew tobacco.
 Sounds like a big mess. I had a drug interaction with Xanax that led to a panic attack once.
  "FICA would take about $1100 (7.6%).
  "yes, i find this even more annoying when you do this when I am TALKING TO YOU BITCH, LISTEN TO ME WITH YOUR EYES"
  "The fact that you are asking shows you lack education and the reason why you work unskilled jobs. "
 I'm doing that, and while I did expect to get drunk, I'm pretty drunk."
 I'm about 20 pounds away from goal and no loose skin yet. Lots of water to help with elasticity and the rest is filling up with muscle."
 My cool guy summer. Everyone gets ONE."
  "Half a teaspoon can ruin your day."
  "You forgot my favorite one, but I don't want to get to pacific about it. "
 Be the one to break the ice! Don't miss out on a chance to rekindle the brotherhood!"
  "The ones who do break away never get to tell you how they did it.
  "There is this annoying ass girl in my job who will talk with a little kid type voice. God if I wasn't only working there for winter break I'd get arrested! Doesn't help that she is a coke head who snorts 5-6 times in the bathroom daily -_-"
 People in other countries need jobs just as much as Americans and in the cases of countries like India and China, I would argue they need the jobs much much more than Americans."
  "I don't think it would take 5-10 years to see a change, the Australian economy was kept out of the worst of the GFC (didn't actually experience a recession) because the government just straight-up gave a bunch of money to the poorest people in the country at Christmas time.
 or Japanese because I go to Japan every few years to see my relatives. "
  "At a New Years party but will soon"
  "[I Died laughing the first time I saw this!!! "that you like something a lot "
 I like the atmosphere and large selection of free books to read. "
 Because otherwise, sounds like someone's jealous..."
  "Couldn't you use momentum from the portals to fire something AT the bank and blow a hole in it? And then use another portal underneath whatever is inside so it comes out near your feet..And then run off with it?"
  "When the stoned, drunk and/or pregnant kids proceed to stab them with a ripped off bit of a Stella can and rob their spaceship. Seriously, I've walked three feet away from my car and some little shits have come over to pull on the handles. "
  "the Roger Ebert memorial actually made me tear up: [Roger Ebert Hails Human Existence As 'A "It happens in the US. Technically it is illegal but in practice morphine does hasten death in the dying and hospice is a free government sponsored program. All you have to be is dying (within the next 6 months) and in pain to qualify for the program. "
 My main point here is that the description of music ed majors re harmonizing music they transcribed and imposing asymmetric meters over this tune does not sound like any music ed major I've ever met since they are statistically the worst students at any university. If you are the exception to the rule, transcribe and re harmonize \"Winter Wonderland\" and post it here. I know the standard harmonizations, so you must, as in the set up to this story, transcribe the tune."
  "The workers at McDonalds making 7.25 an hour can quit whenever they want. "
 But he was actually hired... That makes it less funny and more stupid."
  "Lets kick it back to straight hip hop lets start it from scratch"
  "When they learn how to drive. "
  "Or confuse barbecue with grilling."
 But last week I scrolled down the front page and it had an article: \"learn how to tie shoes with three easy steps!\" I was quite excited. With an opening of a link and a click of the play button I was tying shoes in circles around Velcro's.
  "Keep in mind that in some countries, it's keep left. In Australia it's keep left on the road, and same on escalators."
  "But in order to know a language fluently wouldn't you have to understand it?"
  "Tell me why should a CEO be allowed to conduct business without paying a living wage to all the employees of the company? Umm, because he can find employees who are willing to work for what he's paying? Now, tell me why said CEO should pay people *more* money than their services bring to the company?     "
  "So your idea is to take out loans and put yourself into debt on the gamble that if you move to a place you can have a job that will pay you enough to pay off the loans. So basically, make huge financial gambles on the hope it pays off, and when it doesn't ruin your life by declaring bankruptcy.
  "do you call it A-bombing too?"
 No plans to get married yet. "
  "The thing about this entire discussion lately that I find surprising is that so many people now seem to think that minimum wage entry level jobs are intended to be a permanent position. When I was working at that level I realized my future lay in improving my performance and getting out or up.
  "I feel another one coming... Ohhhhh, this is faaaar from ogre "
  "[I Died laughing the first time I saw this!!! "Midnight happened, thought we'd kiss but didn't. Then some time after he took me aside asked me to be his gf and asked me if it was okay for him to kiss me.
  "i would change my world"
  "I agree with you and would like to add: How do you define living wages? I guess you could say that you define a basket of goods that people should get each month, along with a size of house and how much water and electricity they use. Some people spend more money on cars, some people spend more on houses and some people are very frugal. If you get roommates, and don't buy a car, your living wage will be lower. Also, some folks just don't bring many skills to the table and it doesn't make it worthwhile to the company to pay them anything. But if you disregard what it would cost some people to live, and allow them some money, you put a lower rung on the ladder. If you demanded they get paid a 'living wage' or nothing...they get nothing. Think of an immigrant who has to be trained on a grill, what would happen if all grill jobs paid living wages?
  "I would, but I cant afford the prices because my industry has driven down entry level pay more than we like to let people see"
  "My guinea pig seemingly would rather walk around my back while I reach nervously for her instead of sitting in my arms. Also loves to run through the house when she jumps her barrier instead of hiding or going cautiously. "
  "At Magic Mountain, the water ride on a hot day. I'm not kidding, i'm even rounding down."
  "Serious answer would be something like Nazi propaganda. "
  "You're gonna have to ask them regardless of where they rest between sets.
  "I agree that it's pretty bitchy for guys to complain, but I will say that no woman has any idea of how much condoms KILL pleasure for men."
  "Because the class war is very one sided among center-right leaning sites like reddit."
 I know several people and have heard of several others that really shine at gatherings/parties, make people laugh, are charming and charismatic and then behind the scenes they can't hold a relationship, they go from job to job, they are terrible to live with.
  "If I can add to this, invest in a diverse spice rack! Spices can make the most bland and boring foods fun, tasty, and fragrant. When I was in college I could make a bad ass pack of Ramen. Add some caramelized onion, garlic powder, and thyme to your typical beef flavor pack, pour the soup in a large coffee cup, cover with cheese of your choice, microwave till it melts. Play with the flavors and see what you like, if you're a college student custom ramen recipes are a great place to start. A spice rack will always keep things interesting in the kitchen!"
  "Why is it that people named McCandless feel that it is necessary to venture off into the wild and possibly die?"
 I'm fine.\"-everyone who has ever been upset ever "
 I don't see the point in making people do crazy stuff just to say they are in a frat.
  "Some way to easily purge excess fat, preferably through the rectum. "
  "I had few people about the first time, but I felt and feel that I did not need one. Keep in mind, that shit works on people differently. That and make sure you know what the fuck you are taking, read up on it, or make friends with someone who has. "
 I work at a wage below what most people call a living wage, but I don't mind because I like what I do. If living wage legislation went into effect, my industry would mostly dry up. "
 Most teenagers in highschool with jobs wouldn't be able to work more than 4 hours a day and keep up with school. If the teenager is working full time (8 hour work days) they aren't gonna be in school. Someone in this situation is most likely going to have to support themselves by working. Or they are working to support their family. If they make a little extra money so be it. Don't you think it would be fair for them to have some money to put into savings so they can have some rainy day money or money to save for things they will need later on?"
  "this post seems well reasoned, but the structure of your argument only thinly conceals your counter-revolutionary bias"
  "\"Ohhhhh yeahhhhh\" like the \"Macho Man\" Randy Savage."
  "Psychopathic whore ex ranting and raving about how I was making a massive mistake and that if I didn't take her back -after she cheated on me with my best friend- I would never find anyone better than her.
 One day though I took a shore break and the powerful wave sucked the board out from underneath me and I did a natural pile driver into the compressed sand of the ocean floor. I still feel and hear that moment till this day. It was a hard crack on my skull. I lost all the on the crown of my head from the impact. I had to scoot with my back to get out of bed and roll to my hands and knees for a long time. I wore a yoke for a few months and that didn't help my driving skills I tell ya. One important position is lying on your back and touching your toes to floor beyond your head and holding that for 90 seconds. It is extremely awkward but it will not kill you. It may take time to build up to it but it is like a drug on how great it makes you feel."
 \"Livable wage\" is a phrase that sounds warm and fuzzy, until you think about the reverse question: why should a business owner be forced to pay you above what your skills are worth?"
  "[xkcd "This is not clear cut. With less people, the labor supply shrinks and wages rise. Natural resources can be spread out among a smaller population, making everyone richer. I look forward to a less populated world. Especially when so many of our tasks will be automated in the future anyway."
  "yeah this one is hilarious, my favorite version of this gif is the one with smooth criminal playing in the background"
 You show me a high school student that will not only schedule 40 hours but actually show up to work every day, AND work as hard and as smart as the aforementioned employee and do that all for $3.63/hr, go on, I'll wait right here."
  "A tldr; for people who make more than min wage already, an increase in min wage will decrease their buying power due to the increase in prices. The only way to avoid this is make corporations pay out of their profits which is not en forcible with just raising the min wage. Actually the more i think about it, raising the min wage no matter what, decreases the REAL buying power of anyone who makes more than min wage already. If you say, well anyone who makes mroe than min wage gets a proportional bump as well, well then Effectively nothing will have happened. "
  "I used the IPA keys from the Wiktionary entries of the words, which I largely agree with, although the people that edit the entries don't have a unified system of transcription, so sometimes they'll mark stress and other times they don't.
  "That everything matters to everyone"
  "A photographer for National Geographic with enough free time and energy to play some immersive video games with friends."
  "A blanket with a bunch of pictures of police cars on it."
  "I've read that this is somewhat in development, as far as being able to use hand gestures to do various tasks. A computer that understands sign language isn't much of a stretch from that. "
  "*smash plate on ground*  OPAH!"
 If you track down the people yourself, they MIGHT arrest them.
  "You and I would probably not get along. My entire sense of humor basically revolves around complaining about shit."
  "I prefer shaved, but unless it's an extreme case body hair isn't going to make or break attraction for me."
  " The question to the company is, if I have someone employed in this position for $X, will I earn more than $X in extra **profit**. I don't have to increase my profit by 100,000$ when I hire someone who earns 100,000--as long as I increase it at all, it's a good decision. "
  "Every year, I listen to [this] song.
 unless you've yelled with half a lung at an EMT to take the oxygen mask off your face because you were going to vomit from the pain you haven't really felt pain. i'd like to add i've had aqua regia in my eyes and fallen three stories to fractured heels.
 Just takes a little digging and math. "
  "Usually for message boards a sticky thread is one that stays at the top despite how recent comments are. On reddit it looks like it's a \"Mega Thread\" "
  "It does mean that you have to walk more/faster because the line is faster. I dont see how its more efficient either, on average. You can be fucked over hard in a bad lane, but you can go through super fast on a good one. "
 Nothing like residual urine, butt sweat, and poo whiff to get you in the mood, eh?"
 These people aren't criminals yet they are treated like they are worse. Amnesty International even condemned how we treat our illegal immigrants.  "
  "I have enough stuff at home to entertain me, no need to put myself in busy areas with drunks."
  "Just like this."
  "Heres the thing, if something matters, it still doesnt matter enough to let it chip away days from your life through stress. "
  "But you'd have to take your pants completely off for that to work. "
  "Holding a fucking pen properly. I've seen too many people hold it in their fist, or even weirder in their *middle finger and NOTHING ELSE.
  "Quit all forms of tobacco"
 Because one night it might be awesome, another night it might get you kicked in the balls. Once you get permission, don't slap like you're wanting to leave a mark.
  "The gist is I'm not willing to pay $5 for an iPhone app since what does it do?
  "...Did you hear a duck? "
 Every new year is a time to get a fresh start."
  "what the hell, how dare you make me tear up, first time i get hugged :( pls love me"
 Your $20k a year is livable for me, at $20k/year I could even take an annual vacation without any financial trouble. Concerning the low-skilled work paying a low wage, it's really supply and demand. There are millions of people who can fill these jobs, while there's fewer who can work higher skilled jobs. When the supply of low-cost labor exceeds the demand, which at this time it does, the pay is lower and more hours are needed. Now, based on labor economics, something I'm working on learning, if you were to suddenly bring everything to a \"living wage\" many employers would eliminate these positions by automating them. Additionally, you would have more desire to enter the workforce from disability, welfare, and so on. Both together and you have a sink in the supply of jobs while increasing the demand, which, guess who loses out? I personally would rather see people working for less than see millions more who are suddenly unemployable entirely. "
  "But if you don't tell them something is wrong how can they improve it? They may go home that night thinking everything is alright, then never hear from you again.
 As weird as it sounds McDonalds was harder technically them the cabinet place. All I did there was put boards into a CNC machine and hit a button the take them out. At McDonalds I had to memorize burgers and prioritize my time and all that but the actual labor was easy. I agree the main reason to be in one of those creative jobs is to see your creation, but at the time I was 17 and just needed money."
 - Make a realistic budget and stick to it like someone depended on you to. - plan your purchases  - credit cards are the devil if you don't understand them "
 This sounds like /u/Rob_G\"."
  "How the normal masses are put into shadow by an ignorant few"
  "Yea I feel I'm one of the few people in nj that can do that. In nj there's a spot where rt208 meets rt287 and 208 goes on an overpass over 287 and you can see 287 coming from the right... They kind of come together like an upside down v. I've gotten so good at reading that traffic coming up 287 that when it's time for the highways to meet I can jump into the middle lane (or if the condition and timing is right, I can whip right into the fast lane) and pass the people merging in front of me. Keep in mind also that the speed limit on 287 is 10mph faster than 208."
 I mean to put it simply, people can survive on zero dollars a day if they were left to their own devices, but the corporate infrastructure that is forced on us all from birth leaves no way to progress past this point without a job. Being that I spent many years living a carefree life I have recently taken employment(4 years ago is what I mean by recently) I make over 15 an hour, over 30,000 a year and still I just hate the fact that I trade my hours for money, and it is still difficult to get by. I can't even imagine how living on minimum wage could be, I most certainly would not rule out theft for food and necessities and this I would consider a morally right action being that it is a response to an infrastructure forced upon all of us. I just can't see why people should make any less than 50 dollars an hour honestly, especially whilst there are billionaires walking amongst us. I mean I agree some people have provided services and products that make them far more indispensable to humanity, but jeez would anyone say that one human is actually worth 50 times more than another? And that is not even the tip of the ice berg. So I guess the question is: While avoiding a complete centralization of state power how can the profits of corporate entities and their officials be regulated so that more profits go to the people actually creating the world around us?
  "No luck needed to be successful with even a modicum of intelligence and a work ethic. The problem is a lot of people don't have an upbringing that teaches them the core skills necessary to move up in the world. Most of us received all sorts of little advantages from our parents that we don't recognize because we assume that wisdom, or those skills, are as obvious to everyone else as they are to us."
  "A guy in tech school commissioned me to draw a tattoo for him in exchange for free internet usage. The tattoo consisted of a turtle being shot out of a canon wearing chuck Taylor's, and wielding a Bo staff and nunchakus. The turtle is being shot up towards his nipple and has his mouth open as if he's about to bite it.
  "Because if people get paid more than they are worth to the company, then that employee is operating at a loss and is detrimental to the company. This is the same reason that degrees and experience generally mean making more money - you bring more to the table, so your value to the company is higher than someone without those degrees and experience."
 His name was put in the paper. The girl later revealed she was just lying because she felt regret for having consensual sex with him.
 I have a feeling she'll soon (if she hasn't already) begin reacting to them, even pushing certain people away and bringing others closer, not because of what they've done, but because of what she thinks they might do because an online test told her so. From a viewpoint more centered on the types themselves than the people who use them, my major problem with them is that they take four continua, all of which can vary over time, and categorize the result as a binary, which is highly dishonest. It's possible for a person to get 49% on one test and be classified as one thing, then get 51% on another test and be classified as the other thing; and this can happen because of the questions or because a person's mood changes over time."
  "Took a friend to the strip club for his 18th birthday. It was a fully nude club so no alcohol was served there. We head in the club hammered with 5 other friends. We get a table and start watching the girls. Like any other strip club, the girls flock and sit on our laps. Birthday boy fell in love with this girl in a lime green outfit. Birthday boy's brother offers to buy him a lap dance. He takes the offer and we all watch him as the stripper bumps and grinds on him. The brother throws a twenty on the stripper and tells her to rub her ass and pussy on his face and she does. A few hours pass and we head to the hotel to knock out. In the morning we wake up and birthday boy's eye is swelled shut. We all assume it's pink eye from the stripper's snatch. He gets seen and tells the story to the doctor. Doctor takes a look at his eye. The doctors says \"Well son, it's not pink eye..\" Pulls out a pair of tweezers then plucks an eyelash off and says, \"You had a crab on your eyelash.\"  Happy birthday Dillon!  "
 Why can't someone just make pizza their whole lives and be happy?"
 I can only go on what he told me, but they have lots of cars for good deals and are in good condition. Criminals don't exactly plan on getting caught, so they still keep their cars in good condition. Ever since he told me that, my plan has been to buy my next car at one. The police didn't pay for them, so they don't mind letting them go for less.
 Some studies have shown that the net costs outweigh the net benefits of increasing the minimum wage. It's been a while since i took labor economics but i'll try to summarize some of the arguments as best I can. First, the labor market is at equilibrium at the point where demand and supply intersect. An increase in the minimum wage would likely cause the demand for labor to decrease, resulting in a supply surplus. This would probably make it harder for unemployed individuals to find a job. It could also cause people to loose their jobs if the cost of employing them is too great. Also, if the minimum wage were raised to $10 people already making $10 or more would not get any additional benefit from the increased minimum wage. Also, labor is an input and when the cost of inputs increases it is often passed on to consumers in the form of higher prices of goods. While I support a higher minimum wage, it is not the cure-all that some people seem to think it is.  "
  "who cares its their picture to take however they want"
  "You're going to get a biased response because reddit never reacts well to a woman saying, \"eh... Women with higher levels will want sex more. Women that are on something like birth control that affects hormone levels will want sex less. The reason women like period sex so much is because that's when their testosterone levels are highest. Maybe I used to when I was younger (I'm 30, so it's not like I'm even that old), but then it was only men that I was interested in. I never see a random man and wonder what it would be like to have sex with him. Now, this isn't to say that I don't like sex or that I don't have it (been dating for 5 years, and we have sex 3-5 times a week.
  "  it seems that no matter how cute they are if they have any amount of pudge they get rated low. Alternatively, if another guy was a 30 year old virgin with an abnormally high sex-drive, then he would find obese trailer trash attractive. But if you really want a number, subtract one point for people who are in love with you.
 The ability to shapeshift, then we could change any problems ourselves."
 You cant take the money you put in out until you are 59 but you can take the intrest. But of course it is better to leave it in."
  "One of those \"grab the cash\" wind machine tubes."
  "He already roasts his own beans, so he's got that going for him."
  "Your original post conjured up an imagine in my head that depicted you as a 15-year old prissy girl who was WAY too spoiled by her mother. I thought - why would an adult/20 year old \"make up a policy\" #1 and #2 - why would an adult become bent out of shape and refuse direct communication and have to go through their MOTHER and finally - #3, why would a grown, mature person NEED to be told \"thank you\" so badly. I had NO idea you were an adult MAN until I took a peek at your profile - you are a cutie, but after reading some of your other posts - now I understand all of this much better.
 I mean, it's really on his part if he wants to or not...you just gotta lay back and enjoy. "
 Girls can't normally grow chest/back hair. It's just saying those guys are hairy, just look manly.
  "There are self checkouts at a grocery store where I work (where I buy my lunches). They work great.
 If companies pay higher wages, they would increase the prices of their goods, making what was once a living wage no longer so liveable. You could argue that companies should cut into there profits for the benefit of the public good but that is a separate topic.
  "We can go in hibernation mode for as long as we want i mean a long time."
 (That last symbol is a period) It just needs more regulation for claims that are being made.. but unfortunately the opposite is happening and HPUS components are actually active ingredients that **enable** companies to make pharmaceutical claims."
 We have a similar road except everyone in the outside lane cuts off the inside lane. I purposely wait for the person in front of me (while in the outside lane) cut the inside lane off. I speed up and trap them in between me and the inside lane car and flick them off the while at the same time the inside lane car flicks them off. An they get trapped in a median lol serves you right for cutting lines!"
  "Do not let your house become the hang out! I cannot stress this enough, it is my biggest regret when I moved out and got roommates. It might seem awesome at first, but it will soon lose its grandeur. Your home is the place you go to relax and unwind, that is hard to do when you open your door and there are 10 people in your living room dirtying your place up. It will also get annoying when people start bypassing you completely and you don't even know when and who is coming over. Soon stuff goes missing, things get broken, friendships get strained, etc. and you start to dread coming home.
  "He'd love it..."
 You do realize that all of that stuff is not only paid for by *taxes* on the person and their parents, but also that many of them *aren't even necessary* to success?
  "Did any one else hate that book? But, then it is just 100 pages of him having sex with some girl he just meant. They have sex in the forest, they have sex in the apartment, SEX SEX SEX SEX SEX- oh, look they got caught.
 Therefore, people who make low wages are not favored by God and must be think this is more of in line with what OP was asking for rather than, \"supply and demand.\""
  "I dunno, I feel like there is an obvious difference between 'natural look make up' and actually having no make up on. I don't see why men couldn't tell that.."
  "AHHHHHH I love it so much! i get excited seeing the orange."
  "Another fun one is that gold members get a notification when their username is mentioned."
  "Tongue punch my fart box"
  "Things don't just change from one day to another. They only work if you have enough motivation - which will not be bigger tomorrow than today."
 Something about that \"ie\" just makes them into a bitch. "
  "I don't think that it should be forbidden, I just think that there should be a duty to include a definite disclaimer that states that homeopathy is most likely just a placebo drug and that anyone who tries it should consider different treatments which are more supported by evidence."
  "I can be your friend...*twitches*"
  "That sounds like an awesome year! Seems like many great memories were made that year:)"
 There is no way you can afford an apartment remotely close to my area on minimum wage."
  "Id also say it penalizes people who are in a hurry and are able to choose a line that goes through the quickest, or prefers a particular cashier/aisle."
  "I rode the gatekeeper this summer, only in line for 45 minutes. My bf and I only had that day to go, so we said fuck it and hoped it would clear up by the afternoon. We also had the park practically to ourselves since anyone with more sense went home."
  "After delivering the baby in store \"we did something really really nice for you. Shut up and wait\" followed by \"did you see the vagina?\" classic"
 That makes it easier to learn it, also spanish sounds cool lol. and also 60% (estimation) of tales of pirates players are spanish.
  "I have to work in the morning."
  "I would get some tickets for possession and paraphernalia because it's at least decriminalized in my state (Ohio)."
 Get to the top and eventually fall. I landed in a bush in my grandparents yard, went inside and they had red glowing eyes and were cooking people and eating them.
  "my favorite is \"Baby in stroller stares at man in wheelchair\""
 I feel that's not the right attitude to take to fix the problem of low-paying jobs. "
  "Bitchy women that act like little high schoolers."
 I'll finally leave 2013 happy."
 You also don't want to insult their looks cause then you're the arsehole. "
  "i love you man :D"
 Become a rock star and they give them to you for free."
 Automatic date nights."
 That said, try to get one that wasn't beat to shit. My CVPI was an Ohio county unit and went through about 5 alternators in the short time I had it. I ended up mounting a higher-power Mustang alternator into it and that seemed to fix the problem. The only work I've had to do to the Impala so far was some transmission work but that wasn't any fault of the car's, apparently most of the Impalas (even the civilian models) have problems eventually slipping between 1st and 2nd gear or late-shifting into 2nd gear. I'm looking forward to picking up a Ford Escape for my next car if the local auction house gets any in that aren't too ugly."
  "Ring around the rosie, a pocket full of posies, ashes, ashes we all fall down."
 Nothing wrong with that, calm down buddy.
 But some people (not all people) definitely think they should make what I make and still get to push carts at WalMart. But yes, I agree that companies that can afford to pay their employees more should do so.
  "This would be awesome and I can really see it happening."
 I've never really had a phone or sent a text message."
  "If you like it than you shoulda put an O-ring on it "
  "The ability to teleport with your mind and the ability to cleanse the body of toxins and fat in a fast and noticeable way."
 The term plumbers use is \"white mice.\"  You may get away with it for a while.
  "Everyone needs to earn a living. If you can't earn a living doing it, then it doesn't need doing."
  "I really would appreciate being able to turn my ovaries egg production off when I don't need them. To be able to keep them right where they are until I want them.
 During Christmas season he stands with his head in the tree for about 20 minutes at a time.
  "Periods are like a never ending sinus infection. It affects the way you move, what you eat and drink, how you feel, what you wear, and what you think. But instead of just affecting your head, it affects your tummy area. Sometimes you get back aches, and cramps that are a specific muscle clenching and unclenching at random times to dislodge existing material out and away from the body. Sometimes it can be like clockwork. But if you are like me, with a crazy hormone level that doesnt know when to stop, you find away to stop it and fix it. My periods were painful, messy, and lasted 30 or more days with maybe a two week break of no bleeding. Depo provera, a birth control shot is my favorite drug, and I am thankful every time I go to get my three month shot."
  " an ethical consumer base may have objected to people being paid so little while a company makes so much profit. I realize I'm cherry picking one part of your comment here and I apologize for it, but the 'how can companies that make so much money pay their employees so little' argument seems to come up a lot and it always seems ridiculous to me. Most people don't seem to understand the scale it takes for a corporation to post a multi billion dollar profit. When you take a few billion dollars and divide it amongst a few million employees nobody really ends up making significantly more money. That's not going to turn flipping burgers into a middle class job. For McDonald's to raise wages significantly they'd have to raise prices significantly or fire a ton of people. Most companies making billion dollar profits aren't refusing to pay their employees more because management and the board of directors are unethical people; they are refusing to pay higher wages because higher wages would bankrupt them. "
  "One of the best posts I have ever seen on reddit. Thank you for taking the time to put this all in writing."
  "Is there anything you regret doing/not doing in 2013? What are you going to do to make sure you don't make this mistake in 2014?"
 I could care less if gays get married, abortion, foreign relations, healthcare, etc.
  "I find having Wednesday off gives me the chance to rest up mid week so I'm usually much more energized throughout the week now. It's definitely different for everyone though, some of the guys I work with are in total agreement with you."
 I should have said that hiring you increases profit (minus costs). Increasing revenue strictly obfuscates my point slightly because usually when revenue rises, other non-labor costs rise as well so the effect on profit isn't ambiguous. But yes, any net profit increase is preferred."
  "Another often overlooked substitute is to use a different labour model which could yield the same results while side-stepping government-mandated expenses, e.g. hiring 'part-time' workers to perform the same labour that 'full-time' workers do, after regulations are passed which require special considerations for full-time employees. We've seen a lot of this happen with the Affordable Health Care Act, where employers must purchase health insurance for employees who work a certain number of hours a week, and in response the employers simply cut back on hours. You could also swap in outside contracts to perform much of the same work. The same person could have two part-time jobs: one working as a custodian at a warehouse, and another working for a cleaning service which contracts hours to that same warehouse."
  "Please punch that baby in the mouth FTFY"
  "or using a butter knife on bathroom doors"
 My son works at a call center in a VERY high stress job. When it breaks, he is toast and will have to move in with me. His company, on the other hand, is profitablejust like Walmart which relies on many of its employees using foodstamps to supplement their slave wages.  "
  "Here in Germany, unless theres the specific sign for yielding right of way at the entrances to the roundabout, you have to stop IN THE ROUNDABOUT to let others get in."
  "Agreed, but the regulation is designed to keep the more violent and criminal aspect out of the business.
  "I'd rather deliver alone than with a twat like that.
  "Russian, because I'd love to be able to learn the language. I just keep getting discouraged because of the complexity in comparison to German and Spanish. "
  "UKIP (for foreigners, it's like the UKs version of the American tea party)"
  " The fact that Shakespeare was held in higher regard than economics in my high school education is something I will never understand. Don't sell Shakespeare short, bro."
  "The reason is because there is a morbid sickness that has been at work in the world: greed. Why not build enough houses for everyone in the US rent-free? Why not have water/trash/internet etc free as well?
 Any celebrity that can sing, really."
  "So you appreciate what you already have in front of you"
 Do NOT continue talking over them as they try for a second, third, fourth time to start the sentence they are trying to get out. If you are one of those people who says \"oh I just didn't hear you\" when there is no difference in the volume of their voice compared to everyone else in the group, fuck you.
  "I'd love to see a spyro game again."
 Why should someone who went to college for 4 years earn the same amount as a fast food employee"
 The people I know, everyone tends to bring something, and all the booze would be out with the \"help yourself to what you like\" attitude. "
 I don't even know one but fuck Chad. "
  "If I woke up tomorrow with a penis, I would split the day between masturbating and sex. Possibly, if I have time, I would mark everything with piss. "
 Employers pay what is required to get the talent level needed. If they wanted someone to mop floors at a full run spinning and singing and never having a drop of water go askew, they would need to pay 70 an hour to get someone of that level. As it goes, if you just need someone to mop a floor, you can find lots of people to do it for minimum wage. Keeping that in mind, it's best to focus on gathering a rare skill set in life and be ready to locate where it is most valuable."
  "I save a good portion of my check to my 401K. The day that I got my  diagnoses of cancer I received my quarterly printout in the mail to tell how my investments are doing. It is sad but, my third thought that came to me after I am gonna die, my family, and that I should of used this money for memories for my family like trips, gifts and etc since there will be no reaching retirement age. Three years later, I am cancer free and maybe, hopefully I will see the retirement years and glad that I did save it after all.  "
  "We're quickly on our way back there if you look at this thread. "
  "George is a nice guy who will probably make it to an old age.
 Pull UP enough, and turn 90 degrees properly, instead of almost clipping the people waiting at the red light."
 The profit margins that already exists and make a nice % create more profit because of increased turn over. Fast food makes plenty of profit (have you seen their margins?) already and will do so with more sales. You have bought into the side of the argument that states minimum wage increase you will have to remove jobs because bosses cant afford to pay ect. Demand for the product/supply will not go down because people have to pay their workers more. It will in fact GO UP because people have more money to spend on things. "
  " If McDonald's wanted to, they could fire everyone striking for $15/hour and replace them all with people willing to work for minimum wage. How does breaking a scab's legs weigh in on supply and demand? "
 ALWAYS wanted to learn it but I haven't found a good resource yet. "
  "Well, unless she is consuming the dick I don't think this gets taught is most households"
  "something will show up if you lower your expectations enough"
  "If you run out of bullets trying to shoot the guy in the SUV with the drugs, you.
  "Or you can reply with \"I'm waiting\""
  "Laser eyes would be pretty sweet"
  "This comment is the type of thing I wish we had more of on Reddit. Why can't the focus be on finding ways to help people improve their skills, thus causing companies to want to pay them more. To insist on forced increase in wage above what the market is magical thinking. As if a company can simply 'wish' money into existence or something. Ideally this basic income would be big enough to cover essential living expenses. Then, everyone could seek employment they want. The cost of failing at an entrepreneurial venture would be pretty low, and anyone could go back to school to improve their skills without going into major debt. That seems much more fair, sustainable, and simple than forcing employers to pay a certain wage, which definitely hurts those without skills to justify such a wage. "
  "what about skilled people who can't find work due to lack of jobs in their field? 15 an hour is pushing it i'll say that but i don't think it's at all fair to pay anyone 7, 10 is a better number imo. i just don't get the mentality of \"i got mine and if someone else can't find a good job well they can get fucked\""
 On our way back to the car, we saw that a young disabled boy was trying to access the disabled toilet, but sadly it was 7pm and the toilets were closed. We watched to see which way the kid would go, now as he went past you could tell he was properly disabled and that he couldn't walk as his legs were in a weird position and his hands were too. I just could not believe my eyes, he looked properly disabled and I had no idea how he managed to unzip his pants with the position his hands were in and even other people were giving him odd looks. "
  "Try to suck my own dick."
  "You can now circlejerk in /r/lounge in order to get to /r/megalounge."
  "Not really a law, but in my city, if today you were somehow kicked out never to return, the city must still provide you with a horse and a gun."
  "Those boxes are made by marketing people who asked one guy in engineering to test it and 6 lawyers if they could.
  "I once got on to this small jet that was supposed to take me from one part of the country to another, so 2 hours tops. Being the polite allergies that they were, I didn't feel like complete shit until the plane had taken off. As I walked out though, I saw that they had begun giving out the obligatory snacks; problem was, this was a small plane with one aisle and the thing took up the entire space. While I was still in the aisle though, I think I was beginning to just feel shitty and somewhat panicky, and when I made eye contact with a few ppl, I felt as if they were *judging* me or at the very least unsympathetic to this swollen-faced kid. Not even once."
  "Move to CO, CA, or WA and get into the marijuana industry. But I'm going to college instead because that's the safe, conventional thing to do and I can always get into the industry after earning my degree."
 That's how supply and demand works."
  "\"Late in the winter of my seventeenth year, my mother decided I was depressed presumably because I rarely left the house, spent quite a lot of time in bed, read the same book over and over, ate infrequently, and devoted quite a bit of my abundant free time to thinking about death.\" The Fault In Our Stars by John Green"
  "i feel exactly the same way, except in canada you can learn a trade in 7 months of school, earn $22/h with benefits starting, and in 4 years as a journeyman make 84k+20k pension. as long as you don't work white collar, blue collar = $$$$$$$$$"
 If I want someone's beer slopped all over me, I'll do it myself from the comfort of my couch."
  "Oculus Rift will become wayyyyy more popular. "
  "My dog wants water from straight from the fossit sometimes. I make a bowl with my hands, but I'm not fast enough so he uses his paws to pull my half-full bowlhand to him."
 My worst NYE's have been trying to get served at a crowded bar."
  "If it takes place a long time ago, in a galaxy far away, couldn't it have been true but already happened?"
  "Does water rush into your ass? Nah son, you got muscle rings to keep it from doing that.
  "You do realize the chart you linked lumps the middle class in with the rich and calls them the top 10%. However, it is extremely misleading to lump the top 10% into a single class of tax payers. The actual top of that bracket pay next to nothing in taxes. "
 True story, I read the books brah, all 6 of them.
 As dumb as it sounds, this sort of feedback keeps me motivated. I like being the guy that people can point at and say, \"That guy kicks ass.\" It is a stark departure from, \"That guy turned to shit.\"  Have a great new year!
 And it makes it easier to find that stuff."
  "I was told that he never did that to others, and, if he was hungry, would he not bring his bowl to the traditional food providers and not the new stranger?"
  "There is already a shortage of doctors in US, do you really think that the few doing it now would keep at it without the financial incentive? There are absolutely massive financial and training barriers in place to prevent new doctors from being put into the market. If medical schools only take the top 0.5% of school leavers, do you really think that taking the next 0.5% would materially harm the quality of the medical graduates produced?
 Strong smell and taste make things interesting and I don't care what anybody else says. I also love asparagus."
 Or are hit by a train."
  "I had one hour to go to the steam room by myself: no kids, no wife, no family. Just me and all the weirdos who go to steam rooms."
  "If the government doesn't pick up the difference then these people starve. And starving people get desperate and stop playing by the rules of government. When enough people start doing that our societal constructs fall apart."
  "Washington State, I would say Mount Rainier would be the one place to go if you were to visit only one place.
  "I actually was just reading /u/MIKE-TROUT-IS-GOD's post below which makes the same point. Minimum wage increases to match inflation would be a perfect solution. Do some cost of living analysis every few years to get a baseline number and have the minimums increase to match the overall inflation of the dollar."
  "Fuck this topic, it makes me so angry to think about this shit. The rich get richer and the poor get poorer. There are too many fucking people (literally fucking and making even more people, fucking morons) on this planet and so they have no choice but to take these low skill jobs just to survive. Meanwhile the major shareholders or board of rich assholes or whomever is at the top reaps the lion's share of the profit that is produced by their army of low skill slaves. It's the mentality of those people at the top who set the wages and policies of the company, control the government with their vast wealth so that these policies and low wages are legal, and use the media to convince the fucking morons out there that this is an okay way for the world to be. God forbid they have to give up any of the multiple millions of dollars they are making every year so that the people who make it possible for them to have huge mansions and yachts and still plenty left over to fund special interest lobbies can live a slightly better life. Corporations shouldn't exist just to make the most amount of money for the people who already have a shitload of money. It makes me so fucking angry because I feel like I can't do shit about it. I only get one vote, and my voting options are always between a douche and a turd sandwich.  "
 Seems like a bestof post to me. "
  "I have a really bad case of generalized anxiety disorder (thanks mom! I like laughing at myself."
  "Showering with long hair can be annoying.
  "ah ok fair enough, i assumed you meant like enjoyment wise instead of workwise. I can definitely relate to that since i am exhausted  after work as we are getting our general Certificates and building a two houses at the same time."
  "Junk Mail like Red Plum"
  "Yup, I'm not saying its like that in every single city/county/state but i don't think you'd have a shot in politics without bending over for the big wigs.  "
 I don't really like having to censor myself to appease people. I don't do that to my close friends, and I wouldn't expect them to do it for me. Im not sure why you seem to be on a hunt to make me look like some bad guy, but mebey that is just my interpretation. "
  "it is as soon as I am getting home, little buddy wants to see if he is into that sort of thing  edot: he has no strong opinions either way"
 When you create that kind of world, you set up expectations about how things work. One of the ways things work in a movie world like that is that main characters do not just die without a setup, forshadowing, some sort of purpose, or a unique situation.
  "None of us can leave."
  " breeder scum  I may just tag myself this. Inquiring minds must know."
 That shit's expensive; cost me an arm and a leg."
  "There is not a single full time job that pays less than a living wage. edit: people who are downvoting, why don't you give me one possible reason why a full time job wouldn't pay a living wage?"
  "An important consideration to highlight along your line of reasoning is that minimum wage constraints will most adversely impact those companies which are struggling or not yet profitable - in other words this most strongly hurts small businesses. Where, for example, WalMart may be able to subsidize a lagging branch in an economically repressed city with larger corporate profits, an upstart company or a small business trying to stay afloat is generally on the cusp of having to lay someone off already, forget if their wage has to go up. It ain't pretty but it's a tough nut to crack "
  "Everything I've ever read says 8 and I've never had a problem leaving them in overnight as long as you aren't having a yeast infection or anything weird and you practice good hygiene otherwise."
  "It is common courtesy to let people leave (a room, a building, an elevator, a subway car) before you enter. "
  "Germany wins the World Cup. "
  "Me too, except mine is with music mostly."
 I spent the summer doing IT worry with my schools tiny tech department, and one week it was just myself and another student alone, all week (it was the second week after school got out). We only had 4 external drives and well over 300 computers, so we had *tons* of free time while the images ran. It is not the same as walking, but I had the same experience of falling in love with a place by climbing all over my school for the better part of a week. Additionally, to anyone saying someone holding your ankles as you lean out a 4th floor window reaching for the lip of the roof being 'stupid' or 'dangerous' you are dead right, but it is damned fun! If you are still of a young age, go outside and climb shit, don't play games as much; learn to walk on your hands; back flipping off a one story roof **never** gets old! ; being in good shape and good spirits, especially when it comes to being adventuresome is worth more than anything else!"
  "I'd spend the day with my SO, seeing what new things we can do."
  "I tend to treat people politely even if I don't respect them. I  This is entirely too situational to put an absolute on, hence my wording. Sometimes there are individuals who we need to avoid or stand up to. It should be done with dignity, but being polite all the time can be harmful to oneself. "
 Eminem doesn't like this.
  "The problem with this is that since we aren't willing to let people who don't earn a living wage starve to death in the gutter, companies that don't pay a living wage are essentially extracting an unfair subsidy from society (taxpayers etc.). In a truly market economy with a labor market subject only to supply and demand companies wouldn't be able to get away with not paying a living wage for long, since those employees would die of starvation or exposure after a certain amount of time."
  "Our government has led them to believe they are entitled by giving them special \"perks\" because of the color of their skin. "
 Now it's your turn OP lol"
  "Russian gives you business opportunities?"
  "Pull it up to waist height, and move it forward so it's over my hips. In my wedding dress I pulled it up but sat the other way round on the toilet."
  "I just love the way they tear up my mouth."
 I always feel so hopeless in the dreams and wake up feeling the same. The dreams are not the exact same but always have a similar theme. I cheat and get caught and it ruins our lives. She cheats and I catch her and it breaks my heart. Funny thing is, I don't mind cheating in real life as much as the dreams."
  "It's like her feet are forever saying ROCK ON \\m/"
 I study Forensic Science, Chemistry, Biology, Physics and Math, it has really opened my eyes and I just can't wait for the future."
  "But then he'd have to make a new reddit account and he'd feel compelled to catch up in karma and it would consume his life further and blah blah blah"
  "Wondering around in an abstract world of the most amazing and interesting structures.
  "To be blunt you're either uninformed or insane if you think it costs 5 cents to get a customer to visit your store, to take their order, and to source, prepare, and deliver a cup of soda. I'll be surprised if you can even manage the first one before going over budget. Razor-thin is probably going too far, but go read the annual report, even a very modest increase in wages would wipe out their profits entirely."
  "The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was to convince the world he didn't exist"
 You should have them audit you because you'd probably get a fair few thousand back if you accidentally paid twenty two percent for a year or more."
 Seriously Lee, get a life."
 But so far I like everything I see"
 Has there ever been a time in history where the majority of people DIDN'T need some type of skill to create a living for themselves? I'm not saying that your idea of labor being undervalued is incorrect, I'm just saying that to use the point that people need a skill to make a living isn't really a good way to show that labor is undervalued.
  "I have such fine hair that my hair gets that greasy within 12 hours. I tried for like a month to wash it only every other day, and it *still* got ridiculously greasy. I can't even use conditioner or it will get super greasy.
  "Yeah, threw it on the ground and stepped on it.
  "dude...you double posted..."
  "I try to sneeze directly to floor. Unless I'm inside, then I aim for my elbow or the trash can by my desk."
  "Actually there are studies that show that those earning slightly above minimum wage, but who would benefit from it rising are against it as it would mean they were now on minimum wage. In all likelihood their employer would need to raise above minimum or they would move to another job."
  "Nah, don't worry about it. Most places in the U.S. don't do this and you likely haven't pissed anyone off. Just be aware of your surroundings and if someone behind you looks angry, then step aside."
 She grunts and makes snoring sounds.
  "That the polish were stupid enough to rush german tanks with cavalry during WWII."
 Other models may show different results and the model itself may be faulty. But dismissing an argument out of hand does nothing to win intellectual support for your side."
  "There's a hole where the pockets are supposed to be in one of my pairs of jeans, so I can adjust myself better.
  "Which would be into the garbage can next to the toilet."
 Stay home and watch movies."
 Unless they have definitive proof, you can't charge people with shit"
  "Overly muscular men as well, or women for that matter  "
  "Nah, I like equal parts cream cheese ALL over my bagel, thanks. "
  "You might as well just put some explosives on it and blow the door.
  "I agree, they must like being fucked over, hoping someday it will be them as CEO.its pretty funny that the ones being fucked are defending CEO making 460 times their pay, "
  "In Massachusetts, it is illegal for ammunition to be used as a form of currency.
  "Land lines are fucking cheap."
  "I could care less, but I choose not to because it's not that fucking hard."
  "You can have a family, but you can't expect your spouse to not have a full time job."
  "here's your drink sir... ON THE ROCKS!!
  "I set up a successful base in Don't Starve without dying once."
  "When I was about 2 or 3, my mom took me to the playground and watched as I (in all my baby-bad-ass-ness) climbed to the top of the slide and jumped off. She immediately called me over to say 'I don't ever want to see you do that again'. Apparently I thought about it for a few seconds and asked 'but it's ok if you don't see it, right?' I was a bit of a pain in the ass growing up...."
 Here is an article for you , thats shows even with job skills and a degree you are still not ensured some kind of amazing job or pay. And if living with your parents so you can get a better start in life when your high school age cause there is no liveable wage is a problem and should be punished, then so should every single person highschool age that didnt have to work a day in their life for their money but were handed it to them by their parents."
  "And that's where someone making minimum wage needs to actually pay attention to what they spend instead of wasting money on stuff. Buy a home phone line ($15/mo) and cancel internet or get one of the free dial-up (ad supported) internet connections. That just saved you $75/mo (no cell phone and no broadband - these are not necessities). Now stop spending $200 on gasoline - that's an enormous waste of money. Take the bus or any other public transportation. If your commute is far enough for a minimum wage job that you have to spend $200/mo in gasoline, there is *definitely* a bus stop you can park near somewhere along your route. Lets chop ~$60/mo off the gas cost. You can buy bare minimum car insurance for a lot less than $75/mo (lets face it, if you're making minimum wage you won't be driving an expensive car). You can get that down easily to $30-$35 for just liability, maybe even less. That already puts you within your take home pay and doesn't include the fact that the ACA will likely give you a health insurance option that is way cheaper than $400/mo if you're a single person making minimum wage. The problem is that some people don't seem to get what a necessity actually is.
 I don't get attached to people. It's easy for me to let people go and burn bridges, but it's hard to make friends in the first place.
  "Second dose to make sure you're good the whole 6 hour show "
 Hope you had a lot of fuck yeah moments in 2013 too and even more in 2014."
  "All the Mexicans that make this place exactly like Mexico.
  "Math is a giant puzzle that's been pieced together over centuries. Any mathematical argument can be written out in plain English. But it would take 10,000 words to do what an equation does in a single line. Learning the language but not learning the puzzle is like learning English then flipping to a random page in Game of Thrones. Yeah, the words make sense.
 Neither of them saw it coming.
  "Was hoping to see this one here.
 With that reasoning, it would make sense to pick a language most common to the areas of the world in which you plan to travel. However, if it's total number of speakers you're going for, then Chinese is #1, English #2, and Spanish #3, in which case it would sort of make sense to do that...except for the fact that Chinese (unclear if the stats combine all the dialects along with Cantonese) is spoken in only 1 large country and 4 very small countries/locales.
  "The ability to generate another set of teeth to replace lost or damaged ones as need be, oh and the ability to fly!  "
 Plenty work during the school year as well. And the if the \"aforementioned employee\" is someone who's never gotten beyond a minimum wage job in their life many years out of high school, I can't imagine there's some sort of capacity there to flip burgers or fold clothes at a much higher rate than sixteen year old Billy."
  "Focus on short term rewards rather than long term stability and a healthy system"
  "The problem is there are so many types and they can keep making new ones... Also they are officially being sold as \"ornaments\" or some garbage in most cases"
 One that sticks out was when I was sitting in front of this couple and this elderly man comes up and tells them they are sitting in his seat. The flight attendant then comes and leads him back to his section. This happens like three more times during the flight.
  "On rentals, they also do it because renters find trouble dealing with certain tenants. Nothing is worse than having your renter not be willing to pay the heating bill, so they don't turn on the hot water, heat, etc and the pipes burst in the rental. Also renters who make a mess. So they sometimes try to hope that the higher costs nets them a person who obtained better and can afford it, is a better tenant based on better income, etc. Keep in mind, the rest is dependent on what taxes, regulations, etc occurred in the area, cost of utilities, etc.
 He was on the toilet having a poo with the door open while we talked to him.
  "Whoa hold up!
  "Getting into the 2nd best/cheapest fashion school in the U.S.
 Its evolution in action, either learn to slow down and take them properly or do not get the chance to reproduce "
  "Last year, I saw Neon Trees with a group of friends. As we had gotten there fairly early, we were in the front row once they started playing. I just kept staring at it, then looked up to notice he was staring at me. It felt like a small token of appreciation between Bass players."
  "Better work on those oral skills then."
  "What will be the major, unexpected, headlines of 2014?"
  "Never fight a land war in Asia. Also, get a fixed interest rate on a mortgage."
  "We had plans, but our friends live about 40 miles away and the road are terrible (snow and ice) and weather is predicted to get worse :-("
  "As a European, I hate smokers as well"
 And I apologize on behalf of my mother insisting she go through with a full cart because \"it's not that much.\"     I sat there and watched as she called the manager over to let her know how \"mean\" the cashier was being. I feel bad and I wanted to say sorry to the cashier for putting up with that and everything else, but I let my mind get the best of me. "
 He's ripped on the unplugged version before and we also live 5 minutes from Gwinnett Arena so it was nice to get a shout out from the Onion."
  "What gets me is that even \"minimum wage\" jobs are not so because very few of these jobs have guaranteed hours. Proper contracts just don't exist."
  "That's not a very efficient way of accelerating \"the progress of man.\" Environment has a very large impact on how you turn out, possibly much larger than any genetic predisposition. Eugenics is like using a flamethrower to toast one slice of bread. "
  "If you value a free market where money makes the decisions, you value money and wealth. I value people and therefore I think policies should be made to maximize the welfare of people, not the profit of those who are \"clever enough\"  Wow, that is so just, well, seeing a multi-faceted issue as a lame two sided coin. There are *always* going to be people \"clever enough\" to exploit any system in place, and there are always going to be people incapable of succeeding within any system that can be devised, because they choose not to. "
 How can I make it as fun as possible? "
 Sure it would be nice to have your knee move everywhere and stop ACL injuries, but the stability is important. "
 A good bit if outrage and nothing else. "
  "Such a simple concept many don't get because they only look at massive companies and CEO salaries at Fortune 500 companies. "
  "It'd take fewer sandwiches to get full."
  "I bet you can count on one hand how many times that has come up."
 I went on some mission trip to get some service hours and this cute girl skipped me in line and I was like \"Woah, woah, woah there.
 Both are difficult to learn and very useful."
 Well, no, water is starting to get turned into a commodity."
  "9 and 3, get paddle shifters pleb."
  "to enjoy life"
  "Sure, but it's not like the drivers can read your mind. They see a person standing at the side of the road, and they're thinking, \"Maybe this person is going to wait for a break in traffic, or maybe they're going to be an idiot and try to dart out into traffic at any moment.\""
 I get that people didn't find it funny, but I just find them to have no sense of "Honestly this past year has been pretty good. Hoping for 2014 to be even better:)"
  "The name Beiber will be the most popular name given in 2014...when people start naming their ass."
 Any tips on how to rise through the ranks of leadership, or tips on how to convince a whole country to believe bullshit? Would you shave it?"
  "Has nobody fucking heard of land lines? I guess its a bunch of younger crowd that never grew up with one. "
 Other than that...well, if you have back hair you should trim it. I don't like hairy men, but I also don't mind chest hair within reason."
 Not in your place where your daughter is sleeping.
 He follows me around the house, only likes me, opens the bathroom door to get to me while I am going to the bathroom or showering and I'm pretty sure is trying to kill my husband. That and he will \"respond\" when I am talking to him. We hold conversations.
  "our country is falling to shit because less and less people are able to afford to stay in business due to eurotrash style taxation. we have the highest corporate tax rate in the world, of course businesses are going to outsource and be forced to close down.
  "Meanwhile the DEA  Teamed up with the CCA  They tryna lock niggas up  They tryna make new slaves  See that's that private owned prison  Get your piece today  They Probably all in the Hamptons  Braggin' 'bout their maid"
  "To me, the concern I have with raising minimum wage jobs so substantially is not that I think they don't deserve it, but that it would either a.) cause individuals with less specialization/education to earn as much as those with more or b.) In the case of A... why would people feel motivated to earn a college degree or to do some sort of mentorship, I'd they can immediately make as much without the education. So no, I don't think burger flippers should make more than minimum wage."
  "You may want to check your diet and stop eating anything with wheat flour in it. It may take a few months to get regular but you should feel like a new man. I truly felt like an old man. It is in most everything from breads to pasta to even breading on buffalo wings or chicken fingers"
  "Consider that US gathers about 2 trillion dollars in tax total, each year. And to pay basic income of 20K to everyone you need three times as much. The amount of taxation required to make this happen would break all sorts of other things."
 You don't even kow her? "
  "Get a garbage can that seals well and place it next to the toilet. Ask them to put it in there. Flushing wipes or anything other than toilet paper and waste is a good way to get an expensive bill you didn't need."
  "The best advice I can give you is this: is it more good or more bad? Because you will always find people who love you, you just have to be brave enough to find them."
  "Unemployment is more honorable then becoming a patent troll or an ambulance chaser."
  "If you in any way agree with any kind of feminist ideology whatsoever you're a ridiculous feminazi who hates all men. If you disagree in any way with any kind of feminist ideology you are a fedora wearing, neckbearded, chauvinistic jerk who hates all women.
 There was actually a /r/bestof post from a while ago highlighting the problems with the way economics is generally taught, and I thought that was another excellent post."
 I had a guy pull in right after me and he was crooked. Came out of Walmart and had a white paint streak down the side of my car because the stupid fuck couldn't back out. Luckily I was in view of the store cameras and didn't owe anything cause I could prove to my insurance company it was a hit and run  Edit: PARK FUCKING STRAIGHT"
  "You may be interested to know that the teaching of the Catholic Church on this issue, which has bound Catholic employers since the promulgation of Pope Leo XIII's papal bull \"Rerum Novarum\" in 1891, is very clear:    \"Let the working man and the employer make free agreements, and in particular let them agree freely as to the wages; nevertheless, there underlies a dictate of natural justice more imperious and ancient than any bargain between man and man, namely, that wages ought not to be insufficient to support a frugal and well-behaved wage-earner. If through necessity or fear of a worse evil the workman accept harder conditions because an employer or contractor will afford him no better, he is made the victim of force and injustice. - in order to supersede undue interference on the part of the State, especially as circumstances, times, and localities differ so widely, it is advisable that recourse be had to societies or boards such as We shall mention presently, or to some other mode of safeguarding the interests of the wage-earners; the State being appealed to, should circumstances require, for its sanction and protection.\"  Source: 45, Rerum Novarum accessed at "Date someone other than my daughter."
  "Pretty keen to see what's going to happen here: "Especially extra commas!
  "I am Legend, when he has to kill his own dog.
  "I'm horrible at learning new languages, but whenever I pick up a new one I seem to have a near-flawless accent.
  "Good point, but I couldn't date a girl who could accidentally step on her own toes of she wore open toed shoes."
 I think you should go to jail for three months or not be allowed to get married again. Or maybe  i'm just a little bitter cause my kids have started to play imaginary daddy at dinner."
  "Hot cheetos fries and an Arizona"
 They will stink up a trash can in the worst way during the course of a normal menstrual cycle. "
  "I saw your post in the \"i'm going to move to Hawaii thread\" and wanted to see your comment history. I am on Kauai myself and I have never seen anything like this."
  "These type of threads always come down to someone posting their anecdotal experiences like they're proud to have struggled. I respect you were able to live frugally on beans, pastas, and rice, but don't go telling me you enjoyed it. So why would you think it's okay for it to be the norm for everyone else to face similar situations?
  "What if they're actually susceptible to critiques, but everytime they ask they can't find out what's wrong because they're just getting downvoted without any explanations?
  "As much as i'd love to do crazy shit with it, i'd probably wind up just dropping a portal in the alley behind work and one outside my apartment so I don't have to take the bus anymore."
 Someone says something on here and people give their opinions? About duck dynasty though, it's marketed in the uk as this massive number one US show, I thought it'd be more survivalist, hunting thing but it's like a redneck Osbornes. It'd be way more interesting if they taught you hunting or survival type stuff rather than these are the members of their family and this what they did today"
 You learn to run on autopilot and let your mind wander off to its own place.
 I was just showing an example where the lack of a www makes a difference :)"
  "I don't know how relevant this may be but I thought [this has some merit in regards to worth of an individual to society. Morally, some people don't want those who contribute only a bare minimum service to have an equivalent in luxuries as someone who holds a greater economic or social responsibility. Often those jobs that net more money also include more stress as they can impact many other people. Also, an individual's worth does come down to what they contribute to society. You can be the best father or the best friend or the nicest guy but what does that matter to the world? You can certainly live your life and not care that the world won't be in any way affected by your presence. I prefer to contribute somehow. "
  "Having a one night stand with a man who so happened to be Chinese, worst sex ever.
  "Seems like the least dexterous part of a man's anatomy...  do women not most often prefer a more ... controlled ... approach? Don't get me wrong, I'm all for exploring possibilities and routinely do but this has been my (limited) experience thus far."
  "It can be called soccer or football.
  "Just hope they don't make you bag them."
  "i thought you were gonna say you pulled the wrong arm into the grinder! "
  "To make this next year brighter, what was the worst thing that happened to you in this ending year, and what do you anticipate to be the best thing in 2014?"
 He preferred to drop the Maha- and the -atman, however, and called himself Sam.
 I need to learn from my own mistakes. I may tell myself to invest in gold or Apple. "
  "I feel I understand that dog."
 One last question, how would you rate the overall pain from 1 to 10, 1 being nothing and 10 being absolutely-unbearable-im-probably-going-to-pass-out?"
 The bonus was the push bar in front, when on the freeways, other cars would go to other lanes thinking we were a police car and we could just zip through the fast lanes, ha ha ha.
 My night was pretty chill really, drinks, played some games. Hear about the house down here that got all its windows smashed and got the riot police called on it?
 Who gives a fuck?"
  "What government works on time scales longer than the next election?"
  "I like the Bicholim conflict. Fictional war between Portugal and India I think, put on Wikipedia in about '08, attained 'good article' status, and was going to be mentioned in Nat Geo until one of the researchers found that none of the sources cited were real.
  "$10 mail in rebate"
  "I don't get where you found that half a trillion dollar number, but the Catholic Church (one of the largest religious organizations) only spends an estimated $170 billion a year and an estimated 57% goes to health care networks and an estimated 28% goes to colleges. Many religious organizations also run hospitals, charities, universities, soup kitchens and scholarship programs. They provide a service to people for free. They provide food and shelter. Organizations like the ACLU and EFF lobby. They get tax breaks. Why should they get tax breaks but not churches?"
  "People treat an apology as a segue to continue arguing: \"I'm sorry, but you didn't blah blah blah\"... see what I mean? Or, \"I'm sorry you felt that way, but...\" so the apology isn't for your actions, but for the person's reaction to it... it's easy to feel sorry someone ELSE is an asshole. It takes skill to know when you're the asshole.
  "Find a new way home, maybe get lost along the way.
  "I think you need to take into account how much the technology has improved since then. I actually don't mind using them now, where as 5 years ago I would always wait in line for a real person."
  "[Google Opt Out Feature Lets Users Protect Privacy by Moving to Remote "Rolf Harris is also a celebrity so these things tend to get out"
 Thank you to whoever found my humor morbid enough to give me gold."
  "Sometimes it can be very attractive "
  "You say it says a lot and speaks volumes, but I still don't see what it says.
 Now picture a man-sized bat who flies around and terrorizes people.
 When she notices that I'm upset or if she just wants attention, she'll come up to me and start patting at my hands or my face with her paws.
  "We would have air cooling, if it weren't for them meddling pants."
  "I went to a record store in SF and Hal Sparks was two people behind me. I never said anything because I wasn't 100% sure it was him until I saw a group of people outside the store come up to him for photos."
  "My black lab Sage, in her 11 years of life thus far has yet to figure out how to scratch her face with her hind legs and sit down at the same time. She always stops running around to awkwardly lean over and scratch.
 I'm really not sure how you'd get it to work in the US but I think it's a fantastic idea if we could figure it out."
  "Dear God, I wish my econ professor would explain things this well, sadly she does not have a firm grasp on the English language."
  " same article i posted before, education does not equal living also agree that flipping burgers in and of itself should be able to support an entire family, but what about a single mother or a father.
  "My plans for NYE fell through and it looks like I'll be sitting at home all night. What does reddit think I should do to make the night eventful?"
  "So what should happen is an economic cleansing of the free market of those un-fit to deal with price inflation. The people who don't have decent educations and work low level service jobs. Plenty had to get even more of said jobs because some food service businesses have enforced hour caps to 28 hours. This way to gain a full time job means working more than one of this kind of job. this causes a much lower quality in the output of work provided. We need to get rid of this type of worker. If said worker can not make a livable wage then they should be removed from the economy. "
  "I found out through the good ole' man this just doesn't feel right anymore better check her phone."
  "\"Diamonds are forever.\"  Or maybe some blatant like like, \"I'm a girl's best friend\"."
  "Make it clear next time that you need citations for the accuracy of the model to the real world and not citations for the model itself."
 [Lighthouse Act of "Python, because I'm terrible at getting motivated to learn it the hard way. would be interesting to learn and would be great for some epic level pranks. "
  "I think you should tell them when it feels natural and when there's a reason to. But I think it's best if you at least prepare them in some small way or anther, maybe read a book which has death in it (inb4 people going bonkers, there are lots of kiddies book about the concept or death, and some even made for the exact purpose of getting to discuss such a topic), so that you talk about it, because if somebody suddenly dies, then it's a pretty heavy blow to a kid if they know nothing about it at all."
  "Don't bring up the thing that makes you uncomfortable."
  "Go gambling in Jaco but don't buy a hooker."
  "The rest of the money is for living on."
  "They sound nice when their quiet"
  "Girls whose voices suddenly jump in pitch like thi^i^i^i^i^^^s ... really fuckin annyoing..."
  "I was surfing porn on my phone and accidentally hit the FB  \"like\" button underneath a pregnant lesbian video."
  "We're enjoying the view and watching wear we step.
  "I like Arden Myrin .... so anything she was in. Stuart and He look like a man. I miss MadTV."
 I think it's great because Durango has amazing food, it's a cute town with a \"western\" feel and its gorgeous. Durango has a ski resort (if you're here in the winter) and a sweet river you can tube down in the summer (also some waterfalls you can jump called Cascade falls). Also, we like to drink, so the bars are fun. It's got a ton of outdoor things to do, and it's also close to places like Mesa Verde. "
  "A large brown dildo wrapped in a towel on the bathroom counter. Immediately after I found it there was a knock on the door.
  "Anyone on the London underground who fails to follow this rule will be on the receiving end of some serious tutting. "
  "If you take a job that is meant to be part time, and work it full time, then you can't expect a living wage. Everything can't earn a living wage."
  "I have to agree with you here... when you look strictly at economics, without considering the human element the reply seems to conveniently dodge the crux of the issue. For instance, if there are countries that use slave labour, or prison labour to produce product, and you allow that product to compete with your local product, you will introduce pressures on your work force that are not sustainable in their environment. The economics will still be correct... but unfortunately you will have a lot of suffering in your workforce. Rivers of garbage may cut it in China, as does unbreathable air in Beijing, but must we all have the same rivers and the same smog only because economics is the only factor of interest?   "
  "i want to see Rule 34 for every one of these suggestions"
 Not that bad, but it would be awesome to see my best friend and get roasted on New Years.
 It's favorite characters, not favorite \"who would you like to chill with.\"  Old Ramsdogmillionaire is my favorite character."
  "They're more than bones man!"
  "I just meant that, for me, it does not beat the hell out of driving.
  "Thing is, I've touch typed for long enough now that I just know where the keys are. Taking notes with an iPad is really easy for me. "
 Masttubating is a kind of break for me. After ejaculation you can also easily focus on something too.  "
  "The comma was intended to let people know that I was using the line from a song by Luther Vandross  Janet Jackson."
  "HAH, thats fuckin rad, and pretty dope to have those signs as some killer decoration these days."
  "Soo.. Do we start paying less to college grads and people who took the time and put forth the effort to develop specialized skills so that we can give that money to people who might happen to have been born with the innate ability to flip a burger amazingly well? "
  "Mick jagger will die"
  "Tranny thing or an underage thing that will send you to pound-me-in-the-ass-big-boy-prison?"
  "When you sneeze or cough into your hand, you later use that gross hand to touch things. Sneeze/cough into something that won't later spread your germs onto things other people will touch."
  "     sits next to you and give you a big uncomfortable hug."
  "10/10 wuld play again"
  "Dani will be my wife someday.
  "It would look like a giant pile of crap - cardboard and duct tape.
 I also taught classes for people wanting to get into it. Make use of that hand damnit. "
  "Because they produce and add society. Never mind the old adage about teaching a man to fish. "
  "Was supposed to go downtown for a house party but its been snowing all day and the roads are shit. Thought about taking the train but logistically, id have to pay cab fares out the ass plus, id now have to worry about the train back...So i'm most likely staying in on here or may get a drink at a local bar for the countdown "
  "I like this account.
  "my cat smells like syrup."
  "And using phones in the theatres, I don't give a shit if you're \"just checking a text\", it's a fucking annoying light and I want to enjoy my movie I payed far too much to watch"
  " executive pay and profits are at an all-time high.
 Cook at a restaurant kinda like the one in Waiting. I won't spit in your food or anything but the person who says they want their well done steak out right away won't wanna know what happened to their food "
  "Hellboy, he is a cool rude dude."
 With about 70% of our planet's surface covered by water, we need gills already."
  "Hope you feel better soon."
  "When I go to a restaurant for some reason when their thumb is more than a little over onto my plate. I understand the thumb needs to be folded over a little to hold onto it but when you have more than a whole knuckle on the plate it just irks me."
  "Nope, it was in a part of Wales that was not as popular as it used to be, most things had closed and the toilets were brand new, so I think they just wanted to protect the new stuff. However there are campsites and two fun fairs pretty close to the toilet so I don't have another idea why they would close so early."
  "I can get it even cheaper if I drive about a half hour to the Indian reservation. But the drive is long enough that the savings aren't worth it.
  "I hate to be like this, but the founders of major religions have told the most influential lies.
  "Because my grandfather is having paranoid delusions that he is being investigated for a 15 year old rape, and a man is trying to steal the deed to our home; he can't be left alone, and my grandmother just makes it worse. "
  "And alarm clock sounds."
 Took me some rereads and a frustrated exhale from my nose to realise what /u/Turbo-Lover was talking about"
  "It's warm down here."
  "I don't see the connection.
 If you have access to a balanced diet via take out or whatever, and the money to do so, go for it. Cooking + dishes is work and time down the drain. If you know you're not content with your own cooking without dumping $30 of groceries into one meal, and it takes you an hour between cooking and cleaning up your mess to eat, why not get $15 worth of take out and save the time and labor?"
  "He told me, honestly, that he had kissed another the weekend before (albeit in a very drunk mood), but that he did not regret it and did not feel ashamed. It hurt like hell, ofcourse, but I'm glad he listened to me (I used to always say he ought to tell me if he did cheat).
  "So make it possible to synthesize sperm at 37 degrees. Easy fixes here god, easy fixes.  "
  "on the flip side of that .. someone behind me in line tried to convince the cashier that my 6pack should count as 6 items .. yeah"
  "My business and investing teacher in high school always said \"Money can not buy happiness, but the lack of money can cause unhappiness.\" "
 There is a strong and weak version of the knot and most people wrap it the weak way.
  "Don't the clocks turn 00:00 everyday?"
  "Thats how I convinced my friends to make an account"
  "Sounds like you could use some Real Analysis "
  " Just read the article i already posted in this thread, i dont know why everybody has this crazy idea that a certification or a college degree equals big pay checks."
  "Waited for two hours as a little kid to get onto the new Mummy ride that had opened in Universal Studios...it was 45 seconds long and was the shittiest piece of crap ride ever."
  "Listen, it's not like I don't understand *why* you guys are saying this, but I'm not sure you fully understand the implications of doing so. I'm not saying that to sound pretentious so please don't think that, *please*. My own viewpoint was that no matter what we do right now, the world will still have some pretty terrible things happen, like rape. And I thought because of that we just have to take the necessary precautions to avoid being taken advantage of. It wasn't until I read an [article an acquaintance that I started to really think about the ramifications of my own opinion. My initial response was to disagree with him and call him a naive idealist. I initially, mindlessly, nodded my head in agreement to the article this acquaintance was responding to. It was written directly to the females of my university, and its aim was to show us what we had to do in order to make sure we didn't get taken advantage of. I ignorantly agreed based on the fact that \"shit happens\" so we may as well do what we can not to get into that situation. *They* decided to cast aside any human decency. *They* decided that the rest of this girl's life just didn't mean anything compared to their urgent whim to hurt right now. Not to make love, not to have sex, not to give DNA, not to fuck. **   When people list the things you need to do to avoid getting raped, and they say that the victims put themselves in that situation, when *you* say those things, all of you are making apologies for the rapist whether you like it or not. You can say obviously you don't support rape but that you're just saying the girl or guy could have avoided it. You can say you're absolutely not making apologies for some sort of rape culture, but you're absolutely, no exceptions, wrong if you're saying that alongside, \"they could have avoided it.\"   It's not to any degree the fault of the victim of murder, theft, psychological abuse, physical abuse, torture, etc. Please, please consider how absurd victim blaming sounds. You have no choice as to whether or not you're part of the problem if you make allowances like this. More Edit: Bottom line, sure, the victims could avoid getting hurt by never going out ever so as to avoid anyone who might act criminally. However, the onus really isn't on you or me to avoid the terrible actions of someone we have no control over.
  "I hate how in commercials they say how good the staff is and how nice they are.
  "I'm saying there will always be people who messed up but want others to fix their problems. In the free market, there would still be a cream of the crop group of people that would make more money because they can demand more money. The best players get paid the most money by the richest teams. Even with a salary cap and league minimum, some players are just so good that they're worth giving a majority of the money to. There's no problem on the grand scale with the free market. The problem is that people want to be able to stare at a wall for $15 dollars an hour."
  "No luck needed to be successful with even a modicum of intelligence and a work ethic.
 In my social circles it's common to see people commit to eachother only after having slept together many times, and even then it's a rare thing.
  "Boss let those who came in to work go home a few hours early. This answer might change in an hour or two when I heat up a Marie Callendar's frozen meal, though.
  "[Violently Too High - Nick "I can see John Travolta doing this"
  "It feels bigger than it looks?"
 Either it's chocolate or a dick and if I'm on my period and he forgot to purchase chocolate, he's gonna have a blood [bad] time."
  "Far-sighted politicians try to.
  "Because some people are idiots and will vote against their own best interests.
 If I'm making 10$/hour to do construction or some sort of labor, and the minimum wage is raised to 10$, then now I will make the same amount of money as a 15 yr old kid. You can argue that market forces would take over... And that if an entry level job at mcdonalds pays the same as construction, i would just go work at whichever job I prefer. And everyone raising their wages has to make a choice:  1. Do I take a smaller share of profit in order to pay these people more? Do I just eliminate this position? I feel like the majority of businesses when faced with option 1 are going to decide that they can't afford a smaller share of profit, because they're either too greedy or really can't afford it.. Because if neither of those were true they'd probably have already raised their wages.
  "Organic chemistry... Not that I'm an expert or anything but when I think about how much I studied that stuff and how little I will ever use it again, it really starts to irk me."
  "in the open = ill never tell u till i die. u have to figure it out  the secret = dont ask me for permission to take my daughter and dont try to win my affections. if you really wanted my daughter you wouldnt give a rats ass about my permission or my affection. take what you want."
  "I have learned to take control of my anxiety.
 I see that you too prefer to put more commas than necessary in your sentences. "
 That's true, but implying that your average min.wage worker has the same mentality and drive as a self-made millionaire is incorrect. "
  "The wooden spoon and the hairbrush were the staples of our household - and god forbid you broke Mom's damned hairbrush! Once, my mom came to our room shaking that spoon - we weren't settling down - and lo and behold, she'd accidentally taken a wooden FORK.
  "If you knew your 2014 wish would be granted, but your worst enemy would get everything doubled, what would you wish for? "
  "I used to work at a delivery company as a temp staff, I liked most of the supervisors there but my manager was the one I hated. Then he fires every single temp half a month later as he felt that we were taking up too much company money. After he fires all of us, there's a shortage of manpower and the company loses a major contract. He blames it on one of the supervisors and keeps his job and the supervisor got fired. TL;DR: Boss hires too many temps, then fires us all cause he's a moron. Then blames it on someone else and gets away with it."
  "I thought that you're story was going to end by you shoving Alex's real arm into the grinder."
  "I edited my post to add some details after reading this, and you're right. That's the only way I was able to afford that without either loans or assistance from my parents.
  "My cat crosses his paws every time he sits down. Every time he stretches, his plump little stomach kind of sucks up and it looks like a bowling ball attached to an arched back.
  "i'm stuck on a submarine, unable to leave until tomorrow morning.
  "But as the war on drugs has shown us, the imprisonment of millions is much more lucrative for large companies."
  "As a new dad sleep is the thing I miss the most."
  "Is this like in southie? You shovel a parking spot out and put something in it so no one takes your place while you go get your car?"
  "im sure \"you know how many hot bitches i own?\" would be a terrible pick up line. "
  "peanut butter sandwich and ice cold milk"
  "No, but if you have a tampon in you can feel the poo trying to pass by it. Sometimes you can push a tampon out along with a big poo. "
  "I was told to always close the lid because it keeps the fumes out and is cleaner that way"
  "I learned I can be independent, I don't need a SO to complete me."
 I starting learning French and Italian after I learned Spanish and I was like 'fuck I can translate half of this shit already'.
  "**Will the world economy get better or worse in 2014?
 You know, because Mars is like 5 minutes from us at light speed, tops. (Discounting when it's on the exact opposite side of the Sun)"
  "Thank you, I found that a really clear explanation.
 I personally try to count my items by the number of scans that need to be done."
 Post your address, since \"Why not?\"  You have nothing to worry about, if people are looking at your house or not on Google Street View...  "
 If you had problems with my rebuttal I'd like to hear them."
  "Wow holy shit just drop the guy off the roof of a building.
  "You can't even use spell check.
  "It tastes like loudness."
 Surely make you lose your mind."
 There's a ton of stuff I'd be interested in, but I've never put in effort and I don't really have anything I'm passionate about."
  "Don't you worry about me now, it's in between sets that I people watch. "
  "It matters but think of it as part of a package rather than homing in on one feature. Keep it clean and tidy like the rest of your appearance. Remember that other parts of who you are matter, like your personality and interests.
  "I love that sensation. It's like a breath of summer wind in a bayou."
  "That's where education should come into play - and government spending. Train people to be able to do other jobs and make sure other jobs are available.
  "A dozen steamed blue claws in Old Bay and a six pack"
  "With proper rest and liquids, you'll be shipshape soon. "
  "Sometimes in missionary I can feel the tube inside his penis pulsing each time he cums. "
  " That shit feels nice.
  "Yea I remember a couple of stories like this.
  "masturbating, I would say something but then they would find out where i am hiding"
 And I'm not so sure you find many people who think like that anyway. And in those terms, I give you "The mould on my dick grows out in the open air!"
  "I know that is why Democrats always fight when you try to point them out."
 If you're a native English speaker, Spanish, French and German are easy to pick up. Do some every day and it will change the way you see the world.
 Guess I'll need to wait a few hours before people can answer this then :("
 The numbering system used in those days were based on the alphabet and using the system to get a number based on Nero Caesar in Hebrew is 666 but in versions based on Latin the number is 616 because that's how the number system works out.
  "Or when I'm not wearing pants or underwear, and people can see my junk just fine... *man* I hate that!"
  "The customers that have long forgotten what it's like to work that kind of gig."
  "You're saying what blue is but not what it looks like. Better off asking what green and violet are "
  "Or a pact of silence, maybe they'll kill us?"
 You can get a good set of towels, knives and pans for the price of a crappy set if you have enough time to wait for good sales. Whatever you put down on paper for your monthly expenses, regardless of how conservative you think you are, add 50% more. Good friends do not necessarily make good roommates. Check out how they live before you move in. Do you think they're too clean or messy? Do they not treat their things with respect or perhaps are too meticulous? Finally, if you are fortunate enough to currently have someone doing all your cooking and laundry, you will shortly learn how good you have it now."
 And I'm not able to see anything through your link. Is my phone just acting up or something?"
  "I really hope that I have a better perspective on my life and what makes me happy."
  "This is local to the area I'm from (and may not be the type of free things you are referring to) but MAN, Festival International de Louisiane is a music/cultural festival that celebrates music from all over the world and it is free. If you're ever in the Acadiana area around April, come check it out...!"
  "retractable dick, something I can only read about in Star Trek fanfiction. Think about it: protected from the elements, only pops out for sex, everyone sits to pee, cleaner bathrooms."
  "Inclement weather set in just as I got my mother home from the airport and we sat on the couch to watch silly television together."
 The rest is dependent on where you live, your health, age, available family and or government safety nets etc. Hard work and self belief are important, but if you're a 40 year old with a bad back who never had enough money to further your education, it will only get you so far. "
  "\"A 30-foot tall, 10-foot tall physical data security wall will prevent users from leaving the village until they decide they want to start using Google again.\""
  "why shouldn't you report that to your employer so they can pay you less, no matter what job you work? Because when you're *working* you are trading *your time* to your employer for a fee, exchanging your labor on their chosen work for a set amount of money per unit of time or chosen work. When you're talking about using taxes to pay a \"living wage\" you're not talking about an exchange of that nature, you're talking about *giving* a person *enough to live on*, which varies from person to person and situation to situation. "
  "Just like men, women have different taste and find different things attractive.
  "The bladder needs the option to reabsorb water if necessary. The amount of times I have been desperate for a drink but also dying for a piss is actually ridiculous!"
  "It does not float or sink.
  "What about the people who do apply themselves, do good in school, don't have five kids, yet graduate and can't find a job?
  "There are so many things wrong with your post that I barely know where to start. This is going to be long, so get comfy. First, you clearly have never worked at someplace like mcdonalds, or any other thankless job with long shifts standing on your feet, constantly moving around and dealing with horrible customers, because anyone who has had a job like that would agree that they should pay a hell of a lot more than they do. It doesn't matter whether you see it as a worthwhile job or not. They're working hard to provide a service that people obviously want, and they should be paid a livable wage. The reason they DON'T pay $15 an hour isn't because they shouldn't, it's because the companies can get away with it. These are seen as shit jobs that only desperate people stay in, and because those people are desperate, that's why they can't take a stand and demand better pay. Shit pay is better than no pay, and if you need money, you take what you can get. This leads me to my final point about how your argument is invalid. How exactly is someone who's desperate enough to accept a full-time position for minimum wage supposed to get a better job? Take out a loan for college? Sure, that will work if they have some way to get by either without income or with less, and if they can actually get a degree that will guarantee them a job. Unfortunately, a lot of people are just scraping by with their jobs, so they can't let them go or cut their hours, and many states will not let you receive public assistance if you're in school. They say that if you can go to school, you can work...even if it's at one of those shitty jobs that doesn't pay you enough to live. Oh, and those degrees that guarantee you'll get a good paying job? Even then, like I said, the degrees are more usable, but don't guarantee you a job. A lot of positions require some kind of degree, even if they don't care what kind of degree it is. Of course, there's no guarantee that getting a degree will get you that job, and some of them don't pay much better than minimum wage anyway.
 It can work 999 our of a 1000 times. But if it goes wrong once (in this case 2 or 3 times) it can be thousands of dollars to fix."
  "\"French rifle for sale. Never fired and only dropped once.\"  And generally just using the French as the butt of any joke about surrendering and cowardice. "
  "Ring of fire style?"
  "Distinct possibility, but I give him so much attention already. if I hold out a finger and call his name, he flies over and let's me pet him.
 I've probably dumped four or five books worth of commentary on all sorts of subjects into this place."
  "I don't think men can go \"topless all they want\".
 I want to be able to see in the water without my eyes stinging like a motherfucker"
  "I loved picture books as a child. Every night after our bath, I would grab a book from the shelf and \"read\" to her.
  "\"In other news, stab wounds proven to shorten life expectancy\""
 It looks ridiculous."
  "Do what makes you happy."
  "What I find interesting about these images is that they focus on the ingenuity of man kind and the science of Earth. I find all these images to be very sterile and some of them almost perplexing. So we've made contact, better give them several pictures of us eating...... where's the heart and soul in that?"
 I was actually paying $435 at my old place ($500 after parking) but I wanted to be in a nicer building."
  "Low calorie fruit punch flavored with salty tears."
  "Too cold to walk from the parking garage to your venue here."
 It's just that they could have probably cut it in half or more by going maybe 10 miles off campus. Over $3500 for a shitty 2 bedroom is a rip off"
 Lets make the rich people who fucking earn everything, take care of us against their will!\""
 I think the problem I have is when a job pays so little, you can't afford the time off to better yourself (by going to school or vocational training) in order to get a better job.
  "It's a patriarchal conspiracy that ensures we have to buy purses."
 As I said it is only logical that they should have a potential to make more money.  "
 b) Mutual affection rising from a relationship between two people in which whatever affects one correspondingly affects the other. c) Compassion  Empathy is the ability to feel the pain of another. It was described as simply being able to feel the pain of another. I talked about feeling sad when someone is suffering and attempting to ease their pain. Someone who acts on their compassion can attempt to understand their situation through talking. If a person who is suffering wants fail-safe help, they should talk to someone who has been in their position before. *They* are the one who can help. If I see someone who is experiencing hardships I have not faced, I have difficulty properly comforting them. I have to talk to them about their situation in order to understand their pain. Afterward, I attempt to give advice, comfort, etc. The only time I can easily understand someone else's pain is if I have experienced it myself. Not understanding someone's pain is not the same as not caring. You speak as if you think I am an uncaring, narcissistic person who thinks they are a saint for \"allowing themself to feel bad for someone.\" This is not accurate. While I admit that I have trouble undefrstanding people's feelings, I still try to understand. I recognize that I have difficulty understanding others' pain, so I try harder to talk about their situation in an attempt to understand their pain. "
  "That I only have 20 minutes left at work and the next four days off :). "
  "Back pack, knife and a friend "
  "Well, look at it on the bright side, it's a nice, quick way to filter out those with incompatible personalities."
 Upgrade our immune systems to make us \"immune\" to illnesses and disease; particularly chronic and terminal ones. Ability to a) Turn off hearing if I am having trouble sleeping due to outside noise  b) Turn off pain signals without need for drugs  c) Store excess nutrition that we get from food in an additional organ (like an \"energy bladder\" that activates to help us in times of starvation/malnutrition). e) Elimination of genes that cause humans grief, like \"baldness\", or \"cerebal palsy\". Your body tells you when the egg has been fertilised and whether or not you give permission for further embryonic developments.
  "Nah I am on a keto diet and I have been for like 2 months almost. It was because I went to bed after over-eating I assume.
  "I guess, I'm just the sort of person that find happiness in the small things around me. "
  "Just got off work early and wanted to gold you for your suggestion. Have a wonderful New Year and enjoy the Gold!
  "Maybe not no luck, you need to avoid any really bad luck certainly, but beyond that it's quite possible to make your own way if you're intentional about it and have the skills to set a goal and figure out the steps needed to achieve it. You could spend 40 hours (over as many weeks as that takes) studying eBay prices for popular brands sold at TJ Maxx and Marshall's and you'd already be equipped to make several times minimum wage just by flipping goods from those stores. If you haven't fucked your credit you can get a credit card to get the first couple hundred bucks worth of stuff, if you don't have a couple hundred bucks available. That's just one of literally thousands of examples of how to get out of the minimum wage rut. As I said before, not all of us are given the skills to do this, or even the skills to learn to do this (or really even the skills/disposition to desire to do this)."
  "Yes, and sometimes supply and demand isn't best. Sometimes supply and demand produces poor results.
  "Where do you people love with no decent parents? It's really odd that I see so many stories where parents don't control their children. "
  "Recent research suggested that when we sleep, cells in our brains shrink so that toxins can get flushed out. suggest we get a more efficient brain-cleaning service, to get rid of sleep."
 At midnight, I turned the lights out in the sanctuary.  "
  "Well you could use portals to plant the explosives at the very least, cmon."
  "Airport line in France."
  "\"Iraq is developing weapons of mass destruction\" doesn't make that list?"
 This is a short example using and Bryan Callen were awesome!"
  "See a glacier in Alaska (if you get this far)"
  "People with no common sense...*sigh* A girl can dream. Also the guys on Instagram who take pictures of them biting their lip. They look like douche bags."
 Increasing concentration of wealth and wage stagnation for the rest has meant the pool of consumers is decreasing, which accelerates the issue. And that still holds up."
  "He called one month after I left him and told me to get tested.
  "every job should give you a livable wage, that being a wage that can grant you enough money to rent a roof over your head, feed and cloth yourself, give you healthcare and give you a reasonable social life. I put those simply becouse shelter, food, health and a social life are all needed for a happy productive life. the mentality that not every job should pay the same is misguided at best and deliberately stupid at worst. If you earn the same as everyone else then you could literally go and do whatever job brought you the most happiness. And to some people, they would go and do the jobs we dont like becouse they like that kind of job. I know binmen who empty rubbish. they like it becouse it gets them out in the fresh air and they hate being office bound. like everything else, just becouse you dont like doing something, it doesnt mean everyone doesnt like doing it. And for those people who think a burger flipper at macdonalds isnt worth the same as say, an IT specialist, can i just say the IT specialist doesnt clean toilets and floors, cook burgers/fries and a variety of other stuff, hump packaging around and act as the face of your company for thousands of people a month. the worth of someone being a friendly company face is massive, possibly more than an It specialist when it comes to sales figures and making money for the company. And why does having a university degree mean you should earn more than someone who doesnt? what happened to learning a subject becouse you like the subject? try working to be a better human being, not a better earner and you see every job should pay enough to live on."
  "Those things fucking hurt my feet.
 Some large stores here are starting to implement that which is nice. Also related, person behind you has 1 item, you have a shopping cart full.
  "It's one of te signs of the apocalypse."
  "Took a sharp left turn going 70 MPH. I warned my passengers that I was going to take the upcoming turn without touching the brake.
  "It some areas it's even legal to break into a car to release an animal."
 Mainly because I live next to the Atlantic, and it would just be awesome to see all those real monster battles on TV."
  "My brand new puppy learned to shit outside."
  "She probably meant \"toughen up\"  Usually parents don't want to hear \"i'm doing x\" they want to hear \"i FINISHED x\" so when you finish learning to code and get a really good job she will then be proud. I guarantee it!
  "If the manager tell the customer they have too many items, the customer will write an email to corporate and the manager will be reprimanded/fired."
  "Always check your car parts are correct and a match for what you need before installing."
  "Well, I'm guessing they don't really feel much there anymore."
  "Don't stare and you should be okay.
  "If you mandate every company to pay a liveable wage then the companies would not be able to afford more employees. There would be even less jobs. Many small businesses cannot afford extra workers, will go out of business, decreasing tax revenue. I think it's better to work and make 20k/year than not work at all and get 0 (or close to that with terrible UI)"
  "I remember the day i read the article that brougth up that number, i am pretty sure i threw up a little in my mouth. But yes as they sit on these dragon hordes of money and never investing any back, but they get mad when we are running out of  money to give them , and wonder why we are asking for more money."
  "And my hand is bleeding, I don't know why. "
  "What really drives me nuts is people cutting the outside turn too tight. If I'm next to someone who I've seen driving like an ass, I ride right next to them, just on my side of the line. I'll even dive exactly parallel to them just for kicks if I'm really bored. I love pissing off douchebags."
 I moved to a new city, and I'm too old to find a new connection."
  "Haha that's even worse!!
  "It's really scary how classicist Reddit can be. Some of you take your pseudo-libertarian philosophies a bit too far and think your ideas are great because you read them in Freakonomics. I'm not sure why you guys think it's okay for companies like Wal-mart and McDonalds to only pay enough to full time workers that those workers need to go on welfare. Some of you seem to think that having a bed, food and a roof constitutes \"liveable\". You forget things like access to *quality* healthcare or access to education to better themselves. Phones aren't really a luxury as they provide ways of getting a job, paying bills etc.
  "That would work in a perfect world, unfortunately this is the real world and there is an uneven playing field that has been groomed to favor whites in the U.S."
  "I have a yellow lab and when I got home from seeing that movie I hugged her.
  "everyone peels bananas wrong"
  "Hah, I'm a mathematician, and even you sailors have no idea how to do "/r/asl "
  "My tiny yorkie can't muster a growl to save her life, so it comes out more like \"buzz, buzz.\" Cutest thing ever."
  "Yeah, many full time jobs that pay minimum also don't require a degree. If you want to make more, you should become better trained. After putting in $25k over 4 years to pay for school, I couldn't imagine making less than $50k/annual now. I was recently laid off and went from 80k to 65k, so took a cut, but if you have a degree and can't make a liveable wage, you should really look at relocating."
  "Yeah, I always wondered why God put the snack bar so close to the outhouse."
 I don't find what I'm wearing matters much when it comes to attracting the sorts of guy I'm actually interested in.
  "I can get that.
  "I had a Jack Russell that would only eat off of carpets. He'd take a mouthful of food, carry it to the nearest carpet, and start eating. Nobody munched carpets like he did."
 Four different types of clicks in this sub-Saharan language! Half an inch of mouth roof space could make the difference between mourning and talking about bananas."
  "Executive pay is up in large part because profits are up and profits aren't up because companies are wringing every possible penny from their minimum wage workforce, but because of markets opening up in Brazil, Russia, China, India, the Middle East, and Africa which has opened up billions of new consumers."
  "When the government strikes out important or confidential information on a document, they black it out."
  "I literally die every time I see Pacific examples off bad English. "
  "The minute you know that it's not working  you're just sticking around because you have no better prospects or to not hurt the other persons' feelings, GTFO. Life is way to damn short to waste, and once you DO find the one you were meant to be with, you'll kick yourself for wasting that time on the one you knew was not it."
  "\"everytime I hear a story like that it makes me glad I am exempt from thje legal system\" - ~~White Photogenic~~ Rich News Reporter"
  "Mine is probably when i order food for delivery, and then they forget one thing. I get really mad but always am too lazy to call back again."
 I can only see grey."
  "Getting out of a new/strange car to see which side the gas cap is on. There is a little arrow on the dash of most cars. "
  "The reason we have minimum wage is because supply and demand isn't best. Humans are generous enough to provide welfare for other humans so they can at least meet basic necessities for moral reasons."
  "Let me take out his brother drinking then I would know what type of guy my Daughter is trying to date."
  "Unless we got God to change the synthesis to 37C!"
  "That moment when you start fighting over who gets to sleep."
  "They'll like it no matter what. I don't fucking know, take them out for breakfast?
 If you can't afford a house you don't buy one. If you can't afford to go to a restaurant you eat in. If you can't afford to raise a kid, you don't have one.
 Fucking for a couple of hours without cumming might seem cool but not when it's always like that.
  "Girl: Baby, can you give me a ride?
  "I think some of the advice I see given is too specific. Learning what it takes to wind yourself down is different person to person..  Reading good books doesn't work at all for me. Doing boring things doesn't work for me... it's infuriating and it's hard to sleep when you're angry. You need a comfortable activity to lull you into the right state. "
  "As far as brain function goes, the first thing to \"go\" when you drink is your ability to reason. So basically, drinking and driving doesn't seem stupid at the time, it seems like a perfectly good idea. Often people will wake up the next morning and say, \"Man, i thought i was OK at the time, but that probably wasn't a good idea.\"  source: learned this the hard way :( "
 I'm in the house alone. I finished my essay and looked at the time: it was bang on midnight.
  "The toilet paper fallacy. \"this 4 pack is .50 a roll, only $2. But the 30 pack is .40 a roll. I'll just buy the 4 pack this time, I've only got $20.\" DON'T do this. Most grocery stores have a \"per unit\" measurement on the barcode on the shelf. Also, always always always double check. If you see something you want/need, but are unsure of if it's a fair price, note it, check online, and buy the cheaper. Also, if you want something on impulse, don't buy it. Put it on a wishlist and see if it goes on sale or if you even want it in a week. "
  "I love that she carries her beat down frisbee everywhere. She won't even get into the bath without it, and if she doesn't see it, it's pure panic mode. She's a mini pit bull who looks super mean but the word frisbee?
  "What if I told you past inequality breeds present inequality"
  "When I read the thing about MLP, I thought you were a guy dating girls.
  "Usually I'd believe this but my dad is so bad and deficient with technology he would never understand reddit, let alone be able to find it. Nice try dad."
  "Thats why i hate playing mmorpg's.
  "I did this as a teenager, and it was the biggest hygiene / aesthetic change next to using a clean pillow case for acne (which I totally discovered for myself like eight years before reddit figured out the towel thing). I was very athletic as a teenager, but I had a pot belly that never seemed to go away, and it fell right off when I quit soda. It just feels too sugary and too heavy on my stomach anymore. In addition to soda though, I eventually stopped eating pretty much anything I perceive to have little to no nutritional value. Most sweet cake-like things are basically nothing but fat, sugar, and a little carbs, which I'd much rather get from a well balanced sandwich that has vegetables, whole grains, and like 20 - 30 grams of protein in it."
  "So people didn't have to take responsibility for their own actions, now you can blame it all on a god."
  "Apologies if already posted but: Gay wads, Dork wads sign historic \"wad accord\"..."
  "The plane taking my unit to pull M.F.O. Things get worse when we hear \"holy fuck the engine is on fire\" when we get airborne, happened twice. Bad flight for us ends up a horrible fucking disaster when the unit we relieved crash shortly after takeoff in Gander NF.
 Closest I could get to a pirate sword."
 I'd argue that wages are kept as low as the market will bear, because why pay more when trying to max profits."
  "A line from The Matrix, only works after a silent fart.
  "I'm in the middle of a life-changing resolution, ad would hate to have to start all over because it's the new year. "
  "Im new to reddit, I am aware of reddit in the boston bombing, but what are you referring to when you say we can.get accused of crimes over reddit, this is a mistake I would like to avoid."
 I checked everything, even under my bed, which is on the floor."
  "Working 12-16 hour days doesnt leave you much time to make sandwiches. On top of that, often there isnt a grocery store within 50km."
  "Anyone smell popcorn?"
  "you say tomato, i say crack cocaine, everyone has their opinion"
  "There are some smells that really aren't \"JUST\" a smell... there are some smells that will force me to leave a room because they are so unpleasant. It's like my entire brain just says GO!!!
 Like /u/Malician stated you may have to titrate your melatonin intake to get it right. Start with sub milligram levels and work up. It may take a week to find the right amount. It is shown to help with sleep cycle shift disorders. The study I read used a full 3 mg dosages, but I find that it can be too much for people and they can get rebound insomnia and even get a hangover type effect if they take too much.
  "Oh, don't worry you don't seem naive. I was hoping it didn't seem like i was expecting a fairy-tale, because im certainly not. Best regards to you and your future :)"
  "Keep in mind that confinement of slavery was essentially condemnation, or at least it seemed that way to many slaveholders. A lot of southern soil was exhausted by the mid 1850's, yields were down in many parts of the Old South and no real efforts were made to regenerate the soil. It was to the point where it was not uncommon for slaveholders in Virginia to sell a large amount of slaves to areas with less burdened soil. If slavery as an institution was not allowed to spread to new areas it would  exhaust itself. If your interested, I first heard about degeneration of antebellum southern soil reading Fateful Lightning by Alan C. Guelzo, a fantastic read to anyone interested in the Civil War. "
  "Probably would have served his purpose better to not leave out the \"r\" in \"first\"."
 A lot of bad shit happened that was my fault, but the highs were so high I don't know whether I would risk losing those moments, and a lot of the bad, stupid stuff lead directly into those better days. So I guess no, but I might change my mind later tonight."
 But I really cannot stand the feminine one's, I honestly think it is %100 for attention. If you are gay, be gay, but don't claim to want to be a *normal* part of society than throw giant parades every year pointing out your a homosexual; I wouldn't throw a parade jusy because I'm white... I know it's a pride thing, but don't rub it in. That's not to say all feminine homosexuals do this, but it really bugs me, I want everyone to accept people for who they are, not what they like, and I feel Gay-pride parade only hurts gays in the long run.
 I hope you keep records.
  "My owner, a milk bone, and a tennis ball. That would work right?"
  "That stems from romanticized tales during the 19th century if I remember correctly.
  "what does that even mean, though?"
  " Why is there a mentality that not every full time job should present a liveable wage? Because not every full time job was meant to make a living at! You're not supposed to make a living  at \"dead end jobs\"-- i.e., jobs where you're handing out donuts and lattes all day, folding clothes, or delivering pizza! * You're supposed to make a living at a \"real job\" in the sense of a job that's part of a career or profession where there's a reasonable expectation of a decent salary and longtime employment, along with promises of bonuses, raises and promotions along the way. They have always been filled by people looking only for temporary work and supplementary income for whatever reason, be it students, the elderly, or the stay at home mom needing extra cash, or someone who's trying to enter the workforce and hoping to get some referrals to help them get a better job. Not filled by people trying to support a family or put food on the table! You don't pay living wages out for jobs that most people aren't looking to make a living at, anyway, and that very few people have the expectation of sustaining themselves on."
 What sucks about serious depression, is what would bring me out of it is a healthy relationship with a women. I'll change all that and make 2014 better!! "
 I wasn't even kicking her seat and I was very gassy during that flight. So I decided to released my fumes and  throw them at the lady in front of me. After farting a few times and throwing them at her she started to spray her perfume."
 I wouldn't get on any watchlists that I'm not already on.  "
  "Don't drink heavily."
  "they're job really is to just get accounts, and collect money. A lot of the time they're doing that but also are the ones who plan the landscape designs and consult with the property owners. It's the same in other trades, the one with the experience makes the deals, puts the clients at ease and figures out what they actually want, and takes care of the logistics of getting it done. "
 Until she gives in."
 But I plan to intoxicate myself with marijuana instead of alcohol."
  "Not sure if being facetious, the point is obviously to minimize the number of things the cashier must ring up, if you have multiple of the same thing, the cashier only needs to ring up one of them and hit the number there are on the register"
  "Maybe you're elbow is better than mine, but i cover about jackshit when i use my elbow"
  "Because you get individuals who make 20k but have 4 kids.
  "Sleep is taken, so I'm going to say that you miss being able to go out without scheduling it. Then, the entire time you're out you want to go back and check on the little one."
  "I cannot stand the half windsor. It's lopsided and it conveys a sense of an unbalanced person. I insist on the full windsor, or I get very cranky."
  "With English and German I can speak with pretty much everyone in North America  I am not so sure about the Southwest"
  "*stares you down* You win this time..."
 Traditional French-style roundabouts are signposted by a round blue sign, and drivers inside the roundabout have to yield to incoming traffic (which comes from their right).
 Plus, the idea is that a hospital charges a lot and then insurance negotiated it down."
  "Hmm, well from the perspective of somebody who was born to rich parents, always lived in a rich community, and worked a minimum wage job...I don't expect to ever work a minimum wage job again, but I fully believe that it should be raised. Simply being, the poorest will always spend their money more rapidly than the rich will spend the same amount of money (Ex. 1 person will spend 1 million slower than 1000 people will spend $1000). Our economy would benefit from a lower income distribution gap, as that is completely unsustainable, and it appears to be getting worse. Economically, the whole country would benefit from a change like this over time (Minimum wage should be increased slowly, not doubled instantly. Prices do not adjust that quickly, so this change should be implemented slowly.) My father made me take one simply to experience its hardships. It can be physically and psychologically challenging. Given the chance, most would jump at the opportunity to get a degree and get a cushy office job somewhere. This leads me to believe that a lot of the people who work minimum wage jobs deserve to be paid better. With a low minimum wage, their workers can do half-assed jobs and still be profitable/valuable. With a higher minimum wage, workers will be chosen more carefully and watched to be efficient. Managers and bosses will be much more likely to fire someone lazy and incompetent, whereas it might be too much effort to right now (Less applications for jobs with lower minimum wage, hard to seek people, need people to seek THEM for jobs). Feel free to disagree and call me out. I simply enjoy putting my opinion out there because if someone disagrees, I can open my mind."
  "Which is what they will be spending every month on food, diapers, clothes, etc. So they can pay it one time or several times a year."
  "Not only did I spill their blood, I saved it in mason jars and routinely bathe myself in it."
  "If they bit you you would spill your own blood."
  "Then when will we Lucid Dream?"
  "Honestly one of the best, well thought out posts on Reddit...nicely done"
  "Must be your phone ye, works for me."
  "I'm trying to get into running. When I take Odin he literally stops to smell the roses.
  "Myriad can be an adjective or a noun.
  "It voids the warranty."
 We have quite a few problems, but I feel that many of them could be solved if we as a nation addressed out fixation on corruption. "
 I like you!"
  "Her close friend told me out of pity. They saw me how hard I want to work it out and my mind just ain't clicking why it wouldn't work out.
 It's going to get out sooner or later and if you do tell them sooner, they'll appreciate that at least.
  "If they drift across, would it be the drifter at fault or the person who was already in the lane in the case of a collision?"
  "finally learn how to play piano. and learn how to NAIL IT.
 People should let a room clear before entering. I teach high school and my new class tries to enter into the classroom before the current class has fully exited, which causes a big issue at the door.
  "This all assumes a level playing field, where wages, conditions, and the cost of living are the same, in the same currency, and assumes free and unfettered movement of labor.
  "One factor that's difficult to model, but important nonetheless, is that market forces do reward innovation. As the price for labour goes up, businesses will fail who continue to use their old models optimized around the previous wage levels. Other businesses will look at how to restructure to get the most out of higher-paid employees. Costco, for example, is often trotted out as a great example of an employer that reaps the rewards from paying its employees well in wages + benefits.
 How many of your friends could balance a fucking checkbook, estimate car payments, or balance a personal budget? I would prefer specialized secondary schools for occupations for which they can qualify and not some generic \"cure-all\" band-aid that is supposed to cover nearly every subject except those needed to realistically survive  prosper.
  "baby oil is really just mineral oil with fragrance or aloe or something, so you can definitely get it without fragrance. "
  "Because highschool and college students should have those jobs and then move on after they graduate. Adults shouldn't work at McDonald's their whole life unless they are in corporate or whatnot.  "
 I spent mine at Apollo Bay, at the beach. "
  "That wasn't quite what I was going for, and as you're a minor I won't take the discussion any further."
  "Hmm, well from the perspective of somebody who was born to rich parents, always lived in a rich community, and worked a minimum wage job...I don't expect to ever work a minimum wage job again, but I fully believe that it should be raised. Simply being, the poorest will always spend their money more rapidly than the rich will spend the same amount of money (Ex. 1 person will spend 1 million slower than 1000 people will spend $1000). Our economy would benefit from a lower income distribution gap, as that is completely unsustainable, and it appears to be getting worse. Economically, the whole country would benefit from a change like this over time (Minimum wage should be increased slowly, not doubled instantly. Prices do not adjust that quickly, so this change should be implemented slowly.) My father made me take one simply to experience its hardships. It can be physically and psychologically challenging. Given the chance, most would jump at the opportunity to get a degree and get a cushy office job somewhere. This leads me to believe that a lot of the people who work minimum wage jobs deserve to be paid better. With a low minimum wage, their workers can do half-assed jobs and still be profitable/valuable. With a higher minimum wage, workers will be chosen more carefully and watched to be efficient. Managers and bosses will be much more likely to fire someone lazy and incompetent, whereas it might be too much effort to right now (Less applications for jobs with lower minimum wage, hard to seek people, need people to seek THEM for jobs). Feel free to disagree and call me out. I simply enjoy putting my opinion out there because if someone disagrees, I can open my mind."
  "There's also one for your phone, and you can buy filters or glasses if you have a TV or lights which interfere. (Or get different lights for your bedroom.)"
  "When the moss is blowing and you barely have to row your pirogue. "
  "As much as I wanted to to date way back to WWII it was founded in 1988, link to "Hm, this is an interesting one.. Is there a story behind this? "
  "Considering that productivity has more than doubled since the 40 hour work week was established, I don't think it's reasonable at all.
  "You know you can freeze bread and it'll keep in there indefinitely so if you do see bread on sale and your freezer has room, grab an extra loaf. "
 The American Dream is a reality its just you have to work your ass off for it. "
  "Yeah, at least make them able to grow back more than once. "
  "Alcohol impairs your judgment, so often a drunk person honestly believes they are OK to drive and besides, it's \"only a few blocks/miles down the road\". Then there's the fact that you don't want to pay/wait for a cab or leave your car at the bar or wherever or crash on a friend's couch because you just want to sleep in your own bed. They don't usually have malicious / reckless intentions, it's just that they can't make good decisions and will go to quite some length to justify their behavior."
 Well I never really tried stopping before and I don't bite them so short that it hinders me."
  "In my experience, by and large it IS wealthy people arguing for higher taxes and welfare and people making less than $15/hour arguing to keep minimum wage low--exceedingly poor states with huge populations making minimum wage are invariably bright red. Honestly my problem with the analysis isn't what was said (everything was spot on) it was what wasn't said. Specifically that the lower and middle classes drive something like 85% of local demand. Sure if you doubled the minimum wage unemployment would take a hit... but at the exact same time there would be a HUGE spike in demand due to a large percentage of the population suddenly acquiring a huge amount of disposable income each month. By definition that demand would push the demand curve necessitating an increase in supply and requiring either more automation/optimization or (more likely at least in the short term) more employees. TL;DR Making a decision to pay ALL minimum wage workers more is almost always a no-brainer win-win for everyone. Making a decision to personally pay YOUR minimum wage employees more than the market price for those employees is just hurting your competitiveness. EDIT: Tack on a floating tariff for each country based on THEIR minimum wage (IE Europe/Canada/Japan/etc pays next to no tariff because their minimum wage would be comparable to ours; Chinese/Malaysian/Myanmar/etc products get slapped with HUGE tariffs to account for the difference in labor prices...) and honestly you'd probably be safe to triple the minimum wage tomorrow.  "
  "Y'all like dubstep, no?"
 I know it sounds dangerous but you'll see how much more there is outside of your computer."
  "he better not be cheating on me, because i trust him with my life. "
  "Friends coming over, drink bubbly and watch comedy"
  "Vinegar dried your blood  Too much butter gave you worms  Spare ribs were a special extra rib"
  "One time I threw a snowball at my bus, another time I set off a party-popper in my English class before class started. Neither my bus driver nor my English teacher were happy. Still didn't get in trouble though."
 A luxury resource doesn't turn into a benefit to society after 18 years. Luxury resources don't perform decades of labor. This is one of the biggest reasons why minimum wage *should* be more livable -- if people have the ability to **have children and raise them well**, those children will be more of an asset to society than if they are raised in poverty."
  "Sounds like my first run in with a roundabout. "
 One day my Sociology teacher asked us about names and everyone agreed that Chad was pretty much at the top on the douchebag list.
  "Is there any evidence that the increase in productivity was created by the workers rather than by capital investments in automation and efficiency?"
  "Can't afford a $5 condom and read directions but can afford a child?"
 The problem was they cost more than affirmative action does, so state and local govts wont try them."
  "It feels so good to do it for me though. Its that really fast tap tap tap sound that is so satisfying on an ipad. "
  "Woah, I have never thought of it like that before.
  "A way to store electrical charge. With all the electronics we have these days it would be nice to charge things your holding or some such none sense. "
  "who makes tacos with flour tortillas?
  "We make meth at the Wal-Mart by the religious college and sell it at the Carl's Jr. drive thru."
  "Then she can take care of her fucking self. "
  "'Keep shouting sir, we'll find you!'
  "also on the list of things that turn me off: foreskin"
 \"You have to kick a ball around and you can't touch it with your hands.\""
  "I would not be even mad if it were a girl :/"
 There's also the factor of market value of goods/services based on minimum wage. Some companies (most notably, major discount retail like Wal-Mart, and fast food like McDonalds -- but also many others) work at a tight profit margin and high volume. As such, they need employees to deal with the volume, but set their wages low such that they can keep prices low. There are also jobs out there that are \"close to minimum\" wage, but require specific skills over minimum, so they're essentially offered as additional compensation over minimum, not necessarily at a \"fixed\" price (e.g., a shift manager or a more labor-intensive position). If minimum wage is raised, those jobs will have to go up because people will not want to take on extra responsibility without additional compensation. If they're currently \"worth\" $10/hour and minimum wage was raised to $15, they wouldn't accept $15/hour even though it is technically a raise. Now, contrary to a common argument, this **doesn't** necessarily mean that raising the minimum wage \"balances out\" due to price increases after some arbitrary time period. There's no evidence to support that companies set prices of all goods/services based on minimum wage, and it's unlikely that those outside of those \"close to minimum\" wage group would have much of an argument for an increase in pay due to minimum wage increases (if you're currently making $30, you don't consider that to be \"~4x minimum wage\" the way that someone making $9.25/hour considers themselves to be making \"minimum + $2\"). However, it *does* mean that it's likely many things will increase in price due to the wage increase, and it will be disproportionately large in the areas where minimum wage workers currently spend their money, regardless of the extent of the increase."
  "an expansion of food stamps and unemployment insurance...  \"An increase in the number of people who participated in the food stamp program and received unemployment\" is what you meant to say. There was no change in policy on food stamps and while unemployment was extended several times under emergency measures, the base requirement - that you were laid off from your job - stayed the same."
 All of the passengers and flight attendants waited for them to exit the bathroom, and we gave them a round of applause.  "
 I feel very naive sometimes, but this is what happened. "
  "Yeah, but then the part at the end that sticks outward will dig into your head if you bump or rest it on something."
  "I've had sex at about 7,000 feet above sea level but it was in a bed in a building.
  "Well if they were to somehow get into the town archives they would see that about 4 years ago a man and his wife got into an argument over something very insignificant. He proceeded to mutilate the corpse, clean up the mess, and drive up to nearby cliff. He filled the corpse with some material that doesn't float and thrust the corpse. He proceeded to file a missing's person report with the police. He had put on a charades with the woman's family, so they were in quiet a shock.
  "Take a bite out of that cheeseburger!"
  "I personally like it, and never met a woman who hasn't.
 I DON'T GET IT, please explain this to me. "
 We would rough house often and I was much stronger at the time so would always win. One day we are wrestling in his room, and I put him in a headlock trying to get him to tap out. He wouldn't give as usual so I began to pull a bit to cut off airflow. I let go and he just lay there motionless, eyes blank staring off in the distance. After maybe 3 seconds that felt like 10 minutes, he said in a very quiet and panicked voice \"rule7, something is wrong, I can't feel anything. I slowly walked across the house to where his parents were watching television, and with tears welling up, I tried to say \"your son is paralyzed and it's my fault. I hit the floor and he is saying \"what you crying for you little baby? I don't like rough housing and haven't since."
 I get really emotional when Im flustered, but now Im learning to laugh at myself instead of thinking that Im an idiot."
  "Yep, that's an issue too. A lot of the H1B's aren't even aware, or don't care, about it too. They take the money, which is usually an amount that would be making bank back home, and run with it."
  "When we are willing to receive decreased compensation in exchange for increased leisure time. Which, as it happens, is a choice that some of my coworkers make today."
 I know not everybody has a reason to pull a camper or boat, but I have sent so many idiots at the boat ramp who don't have a clue. "
  "More like lava.
  "I was playing around with the idea of getting \"Mattel 1987\" on the back of my neck, just like the actual Barbie dolls do...
  "I try to throw in \"I could care less\" at times when I do care, just to counteract this; however it usually doesn't play out like I envisioned.  "
  "\"This has to be the most offensive post I've seen on reddit. Have some respect for the Native American culture, assholes\" said WhinnyPCNazi."
  "If the owner's job is so easy and gets paid so much more then why doesn't everyone do it?"
  "I agree that some limits should be imposed, but the current structure makes it almost impossible for anyone on the registry to lead a normal life and that's the main goal; allowing people who have served their sentence to acclimate back into society with as minimal chance of recidivism as possible and still let them live and move on with their lives. It's unreasonable that person who happened to be drunk and took a piss in an alley should face the same ostracism that pedophile endures. People see sex offender and automatically assume worst possible scenario without full possession of the facts."
 I guess I'm one of those dumb people who always assumed that \"don't flush away sanitary napkins\" meant pads, but who would ever flush pads?
  "I don't hate either of them. My issue with with zealotry. A zealot does not understand human beings, no matter where they stand on the political spectrum--even if many of their beliefs agree with mine. "
  "Alcohol lowers your inhibitions, and skews your judgement. So what they are thinking is: \"I can do this, I'm not even that drunk.\" \"It's not far.\" \"I drive better when I'm drunk.\"   If they're thinking \"logically,\" they might think \"I should get a cab, but then I'd have to leave my car here, and cabs are expensive.\"  Basically, all the variations on \"fuck it.\""
 There were many people in my neighbourhood that walked their dogs by our place and my cat would go up to ever one of those dogs with no fear and greet them just like he was a dog himself.
  "Time wasted on something you like is not time wasted, but time well spent."
  "Holy fuck this is dark and hilarious:   \"In some cases,\" Lindell added, \"the dolphins appeared to be looking directly into our eyes, as if pleading with us to help them perform better in these tests.\""
  "I hate when people let their kids do whatever and make a scene or disturb others in public. If I'm out shopping or out to dinner I don't want to hear your little brat whining. First sign of a tantrum and we are out of there. I dont want to ruin other peoples days with her screaming. "
  "Well, unlike you I actually know how to drive and use mirrors.
 Pick the object with your hands and then stand up again. Instead most people tent to bend over (keeping their legs straight) grab the object then lift by straightening their backs. This puts a lot of pressure on your lower spine."
  "A mouth like a military cemetery. "
  "Yeah, only two sets for free?
  "When people chew with their mouth open or smack their food. It makes you feel like they were raised among savages."
 He fetches hair ties and also hoards them. If I need one and I ask him for one, he will disappear and come back with one in his mouth. He will sometimes cry like a baby - literally sounds like a baby wailing - and when we look at him he's got his mouse-on-a-string-on-a-stick toy in his mouth, by the stick. He sleeps on his back with his paws curled up. He sleeps wrapped around my head at night,  sometimes flopping over so that his paws are across my face. Lily likes to get in between the two shower curtains and watch you shower. "
 Really good orgasms I can kinda feel over my whole body. It's kinda similar to getting goosebumps, but it's also like muscles contracting."
  "I would like to see internet explorer 12"
  "I think I've seen 2 roundabouts ever in the Toronto area, and they've all been in dead end type suburb hell where there is never any traffic...."
  "Because my boyfriend ran inside to grab pizza, so I'm waiting in the car."
  "Not a quirk I love but a quirk nonetheless. Any time any middle eastern person came up on the TV he'd run and bark at the screen. My dog is super friendly, I've only seen him bite like once or twice and it was for a reason. He loves people. Well they walk in and he starts barking at them, which is normal when new people enter the house. The problem is he didn't stop he barked at them until we took him away and then he growled at them the rest of the night. If we pick him up when he doesn't want to  he lets out the loudest sigh I'd swear it was a human doing it. Also if you make him cuddle when he doesn't want to [he'll glare at "Look out!
  "Yeah but you have to take your pants all the way off"
  "For those who argue than MW jobs are merely stepping stones, lets look at the \"stones\" for a moment. Does one accumulate some rare knowledge at those jobs that will translate into a livable income? Look into the pay structure of those industries and you will quickly discover the \"managers\" make 50 cents more an hour. Maybe those workers should get more formal education? How, may I ask, can a low paid worker who is one car repair bill away from losing an apartment suddenly afford college classes? Face it, the deck is stacked in favor of those who are looting the American economy as well as the American workforce (and their supporting families)."
  "im waiting for people to show up so we can start our festivities! enjoy your new year :) "
 I tolerate it because I have to. Some women use hormonal contraceptives and those can reduce/stop the bleeding but it doesn't work for all women. It's like your body decides on a general clear out."
  "i'd think Jesus Christ they printed then distributed them papers fast."
  "Getting to Vegas to see Britney!! "
 One of my all-time favorite albums...anybody who is into thrash or melodic metal should love it, I always say."
  "Only 90's kids will remember."
  "bored, want someone to give me a boner."
 With the tax brackets the way that they are, it gives those who champion the rich the ammunition to go \"but! !\"    Conventiently, people either forget or ignore the various ways in which the upper class can play the system for massive amounts of deductions while those in the middle class (unions, as Chris Christie would have you believe), are the cause of all of our woes. While what we did was mostly good, at least in my opinion, there were some amongst us who believed that we should be getting raises (more accurately, cost of living increases) at a time when the very people paying our salaries in the private sector weren't getting cost of living increases, and unemployment was going up and up. I always argued that we be thankful for what we have, and wait for the economy to turn around before we begin asking for more. At times, we can be our own worst enemy.  "
  "\"Why did they print this in the newspaper instead of alerting me in a better way?
  "Probably just find a nice view. Most people would probably be scrambling around, either looking for cover (pointless) or having sex. That moment of calm before it strikes, I'd imagine it wouldn't be so bad."
  "how could you miss this opportunity!!
  "I suppose you could consider /r/Writing educational, though I'd just call it interesting."
  "\"Just give it a minute\""
  "if McDonalds really wanted to, they could replace the entire front counter staff with two touchscreen computers and let me order my own damned food, too. its not rocket science. i go ticka ticka ticka, swipe my credit card, and pour my own drink. the only difference right now is someone else touches the buttons. keep humans to make the food, sure. but 90% of the front counter staff could be removed. keep one guy to hand me my parfait from the behind-the-counter cooler, and we're good."
  "There will more more resolution threads."
 They tie a slip knot and that's why they come untied so often.
  "I felt like the greatest of dads when my then nine-year-old proclaimed, \"use your roundabout button!\" from the passenger seat.
  "Girls would get to be justifiably more pissed off for unintentional pregnancies.
  "I encourage you to tell yet at them.
 If they choose not to use this time, then people from the back of the line who are actually paying some fucking attention to their surroundings may go. "
  "My rat terrier turns fully pink at night--belly, nose and paws.
  "i don't hate anyone because of their political views. i only hate people if their political actions contribute to an overall negative progress of society through the perpetuation and promotion of injustice"
  "The way people count cash these days it is sometimes slower than checks.
 Trying to avoid specifically that problem because a logical argument itself is never evidence for something."
 A society cannot possibly willingly allow something that we know is a placebo to be presented as a viable approach to cure people."
  "There are even a bunch of "My pit does the exact same thing. He jumps up and looks at me because he thinks I did it to him."
  "I love me the dry sense of humor. Thanks for making me choke on my pasta dinner!"
 Suddenly, a red light near the door lights up and one of the passengers (the one who was closer to the door) gets up and starts opening the fucking door. I notice everybody else is also looking at him but nobody is doing anything. So he struggles a bit and actually gets the door open. My balls immediately shrink to half their size, probably because of fear, and also because now there's this huge cold wind blowing inside the aircraft. Thankfully we weren't very high so we didn't need masks or additional oxygen to breathe. Then I noticed that red light turned green, and the guy just threw himself. Finally there's just me and this other guy, he looks pretty calm, turns to me and says: \"we're up, let's go\". So I did all my required AFF maneuvers and that's how I started to learn to skydive."
  "Not even a... [gif "Getting laid sometime back in September.
 It was also the day they all didn't make it....The Big Race.
 I don't hate anyone but at least libertarians stick to their beliefs.
  "Then move to Iowa. There is no reason to increase minimum wage so that people can have a living wage in New York. Over time, there will be more demand for unskilled workers in New York and those businesses will increase their pay without messing the economics up for the rest of the country."
  "Also yeah, it is too bad they made like Zeppo and faded away into nothing.
  "There will be less resolution threads."
  "I don't hate either. Libertarians' views are closer to my own (they're at least socially liberal), so I'd rather vote for a libertarian than a conservative, but that's about it."
  "When I did performances with my youth orchestra, a lot of parents (including my own, until I asked them not to) would hoot and whistle during the applause. It's not a bloody sports game, clapping is sufficient; if you really really liked something (and I mean really really really) you can stand up when you applause."
  "We don't go out to eat very often at all, but my son knows there are 2 special rules at restaurants: 1) You have to sit on your butt, and 2) you can't be too loud. "
  "Waited for 8 hours for Springsteen tickets once.
  "For the future if you reply with just a period then people will understand"
  "I never got gold and my husband gets it all the time! I try to be witty and clever and it just never happens..."
  "In what way will 2014 be different to 2013? "
  " Business people are often very important, and businesses like to be efficient. Do you think a company would pay millions of dollars to hire a new CEO if they didn't the CEO was worth that much money? I'd like to see them wiggling and arguing why they shouldn't be replaced. It's very easy to look at the world as an 'us vs. them' scenario but a lot of people got to where they are by... I believe that a fairly small number of people got there this way, with this not being the option for the vast majority of the population (so an argument along the lines of \"Look at Bill Gates!\" won't fly - and he was actually well-situated to begin with), and a large people got there by fairly unethical means such as by working in the darker parts of the financial business (are there any bright parts, in fact?) You see it in software right now; the best college students (in Computer Science) are being paid $100,000+ straight out of college - because each company wants to get an advantage over the others by having better employees. $100,000+ won't make you rich.
  "I found this one at the very top of /r/wtf, where it belongs"
  "You'd have to break it down further than that as it's far more expensive to live in a bit city than say 30 miles outside of one. "
  "And isn't it nice that you can afford to prevent pregnancy."
 Well see you later Reddit, I'm a stereotype.   "
 You don't worry about sore arms after a long drive."
  "Yup, when i read to calm down I end up staying up all night. One more chapter because I have to see what happens. have to force myself to do chores to get sleepy.
  "Well, where would they put it??"
  "Or act like it wasn't really that big of a deal, it was just a stupid mistake, get over it, my god, what's your problem anyway? ANYTHING to minimize that terrible feeling of being a fuckup and shitty person... make like it's the other person's problem for blowing something out of proportion. Why, it's not even worth it, Arch27 is just being too sensitive! Makes my apologies that much better, because I KNOW the only thing that really makes you feel better... is the apology. My kids are laughing at me right now, because we're talking about the number of times a month they get to hear me say: Nevermind! Apologize to your brother, and make ME believe it!"
 Now I need three new people to join so I can pay it forward. "
 I hate those fuckers who slow down to merge then wonder why no one lets then in!!! "
  "sadly Im sorry to say the longer Ive lived the more I see that the American Dream is a fantasy that keeps getting spoon fed to most of the American population "
 Self-esteem issues led me to not break it off for years and years though we were clearly bad for each other. Thought I would never get anything better and I think she kind of liked me being in that headspace. Now I realize that I MIGHT have gotten something better if I'd cut and run the first time I \"tried\" to break it off (which was a year into living together). Now I'm so backwards and inside-out about making sure that I'm in the relationship for the right reasons - and more importantly that my partner is in the relationship for the right reasons - that I don't even pursue relationships that are basically tossed in my lap, let alone try to find something that makes me happy. We'll see where life goes from here. tl;dr - I agree with everyone saying that it's better to just break it off at the first sign of it not working; also, it's okay to go through life without a partner if a partner always seems to make things worse. "
  "Yes, exactly, and you know what, they make the money and run the business Last week I subbed a floor out to my brother in law, who does flooring, I got the job, I dealt with the customer, so I added 500$ to his pricemade 5 bills by basically making phone calls. "
 Of course, people rarely carry handkerchiefs anymore, which is unfortunate for a few reasons in addition to the sneezing issue. A lady can no longer signal her interest in gentlemen by dropping her handkerchief at his feet, for example. Nor can you hold a handkerchief scented with cologne over your nose to mask unpleasant odors encountered on public buses or railway carriages."
  "Then everyone gets stuck behind the derp with his head in the clouds, while a checkout operator from down the far end is frantically waving their hand trying to attract attention from the line."
  "Yeah, I think he's twice as hot all dirty and grubby on Lost than when he's all cleaned up in a suit and stuff. "
  "20,000 is not even enough for one person, FYI."
  "I can only aspire."
  "The issue with the self checkouts at a place like Home Depot is that many items have to be verified by the person manning the checkout area (things like bulk hardware, lumber, etc. ), since those items are self serve and charged by the piece or by the foot. The worst someone can do in a supermarket, aside from flat out stealing, is input the wrong item code to get produce cheaper. Everything else (think deli or bakery items) is checked by an employee before the customer puts it in their cart and the price is attached to a barcode."
  "Arabic because i have to go to Saudi Arabia in the future for ummrah and so i can finally read the Quran and learn about my religion. My future husband is also most likely going to speak Arabic and i would love to speak to him in it when doing  some frick-fracking. "
  "Let's hope you don't keep him a virgin through 2014."
  "My brain cannot understand that at the moment. "
 If I don't want them to look, I'll fix my shirt. It's like a automatic radar?
  "That has nothing to do with automation, that's just workers accepting a lower standard of living.  "
  "It's good in that it generally gets people to acknowledge some of their own strengths and preferences, but it neglects to take into consideration any mental illnesses, disabilities, or disorders.
  "This isnt the biggest, but it was preety shocking lie...  \" Now, I have to go back to work on my State of the Union speech. I want you to listen to me. And I need to go back to work for the American people.
  "Try a black molly mine is harder than a coffin nail and has seen off numerous other 'hardy' fish"
  "Let's just take a moment to marvel at Miley licking off her own makeup. I currently do not possess any special skill that separates me from most other average adults. If anything I want minimum wage lowered because then it would be easier for me to obtain a job. I personally don't believe in a minimum wage, because why should you pay me more for a service that is high in supply and requires no real skill?"
  "you remain with your back straight and only move forward your knees to get lower"
 Also, a common sense gland."
  "My workplace disabled that feature because they are afraid we will use it to help customers steal stuff. Keep in mind that this never has actually happened, they are just afraid it will so they took a super convenient feature, that would make the lines go so much faster, away from us.  "
 Then the seriousness only makes it funnier."
  "It also costs them money to keep you in prison, which could also be a conflict of interest"
  "pulling out the guitar lead of an acoustic before the sound tech mutes the channel... every time.
  "They can also get around your elbow."
  "Abercrombie guys are nice to look at the same way Victoria's Secret models are nice to look at, but I'd rather come home to someone less visibly muscular. Someone who maybe doesn't have the most defined biceps ever, but still has nice and strong arms from chopping wood and fixing things and throwing me around like a feather in bed.. I slept with a really skinny guy once and woke up with bruises because our hip bones kept hitting each other.
 Alcohol is a depressant, (not to say it automatically makes one sad or miserable) and as such, at the end of the night, the desire to sleep off the fun becomes stronger than the logic against it. Also, people sometimes think to themselves that there are a thousand reasons why they can get away with it. Being less drunk than the other guys on the road, thinking to take back roads, and drive slightly below the speed limit to avoid police attention. Unfortunately though, once someone is seriously intoxicated, not much goes through their heads at all, logically based or otherwise. Cabs cost money, and some people drink to much to pay for that. To sum it up, the desire to get home out-weighs the logic of staying safe or out of jail."
  ".. it's like 50 euros.."
 If you write a hand written letter, someone is likely going to read it and it will be taken under consideration. Even better is to see when your Congress person is in town and then ask them questions and talk to them. They get a lot of time off to do this, and during that time they are away from lobbying in DC."
 Your original question was answered so you didn't need to keep on pestering.
  "reminds me of the quote \"There is a big difference between saying *anyone can do it* and *everyone can do it*\""
  "Ability to store wakefulness. It's winter break so you have a lot of time?
 Just run some water, and hop in.
 When you are at this point, you don't feel drunk, but I consciously knew that I was based on the number of beers I had. If the media and my parents had not constantly beat into my head the dangers of driving while intoxicated, I may have driven to meet her. My answer is that at a certain level you either don't feel that you are too intoxicated to drive, or people just don't care and want to go somewhere that requires driving.
 I would say In Georgia, either North Georgia mountains where the Appalachian Trail starts or some white water rafting or the the actual city of Atlanta. Montana/Idaho Glacier National Park, but actually reserve camp sites, and get the heck out/away from the car."
  "Saw this with my future wife as our 2nd date (and first movie date).
  "I remember being 11/12 and somehow holding hand held mirrors between my legs to look at my girl parts, I was amazed. But then I remember seeing somewhere that only 13 year old's could cum (I know I know) So I decided to leave it, until my 13th birthday. I got the mirror out again and got in all sorts of positions to try and get a closer look at my girl parts, then I saw my hole open up a bit more, I was terrified but went ahead with it anyway.
  "I never said it was supply and demand. Supply and demand in it's most primative form says you charge the highest price you can demand. As soon as you start messing with economic policy, supply and demand goes out the window. you look at the price, you look at what the market will bear and you compare the 2 to determine your profit. If it's worth the risk, you carry it.
  "For some reason that sounds really adorable."
 Before, I can barely run 20 minutes straight but because of that program, I can now run 30 minutes straight.
 They are unique in that they are just like everyone they surround themselves with. They probably do, but need to see that some of those ideas are, (as hopeful as they sound) unrealistic.
 You're telling me that your the type of person who has ZERO problem with doing the same exact job as someone....but they get paid ten times more than you?
  "Using Jack Daniels as mouthwash sounds disgusting."
  "you make a good point:  many people believe that bare minimum wage should be enough for ONE person to live on. If you want to support yourself, your 2 children, and your stay-at-home wife, get a better job.  "
 I'm working on my second degree at the university close to my home, so this would be perfect. I really appreciate it!
  "Carcinogens sounds like it's related to crabs for some reason..."
  "I do this: hold the edge of your finger close to your eye and try looking at the object with your finger's edge in the foreground. It somehow gives me more focused vision in the edge region. "
 I love that. "
  "For those in the UK you can call 999 without credit or an active plan but you must have a SIM card in the phone, even if long expired."
 Hopefully he'll get up soon.. it's only 5PM..."
  "Am I the only one that gets slightly annoyed when people say \"we are pregnant\"? I don't get pregnant.
  "*Did you google Florida inhabitants to get those?
  "I don't mean to toot my own horn, but that was a pretty good one, eh?"
  "It makes me really uncomfortable if there's NO plunger in someone's bathroom. Even if I don't need to drop a log, what if the person before me fucked something up? If there's none in there, I practically hold my breath while I flush, praying to the toilet gods to let it all work out."
  "I prefer 9:30 and shifter so I can rest my elbow on the window sill."
 Shortly after arriving at this 22 year old guys house her ex-boyfriend picks her up and they spend the entire weekend at a hotel, which was apparently the plan all along.
 You'll look like a stud and potentially save their lives or yours."
 How bad would that suck if your choice was full protection except to junk kicks?"
  "the earned income tax credit are far more efficient tools to provide a \"livable wage\" and can take the first two variables into account  God, thank you! Someone gets it!"
 There is an exception around Christmas time though, when a lot of non-savvy people travel through London to get to their friends and family for Xmas. in 2012 at Kings Cross St, there was an underground staff member at the top of the escalator speaking \"Walk on the left, stand on the right\" into the tannoy system over and over and over again. It was pretty funny; he had obviously been doing it for a while and was starting to play around with the inflection on the words. I hung around and recorded the audio to my phone (now lost), because it made me giggle.
  "I love my dog for the opposite reason: she cannot maintain eye contact and is constantly avoiding it.
 Britney because she's my all time favourite and that girl knows how to put on a show.
 The $30 or whatever I pay for internet access is a pretty damn cheap monthly entertainment expense. Combined with a cheap computer, I could entertain myself all month long for $30. It is probably the cheapest form of entertainment I partake in. A single dinner and a movie date can cost more than that, I'm sure I average over that on costs associated with multiple sports, hobbies can get expensive, and drinking at bars isn't cheap. It's not ideal to sit in front of a computer (internet) or TV (cable) screen for the entirety of your free time, but it is hard to hold the cost against someone as a pure luxury. A cable TV package might be a luxury to me (I very rarely watch TV...it would be nice to have those channels when I want them though), but maybe that poor person has their TV on 50 hours a week as their primary diversion from the shit job they spend another 50 hours a week at."
  "its like green, but also its purple "
  "Please just shut the fuck up with this pretentious bullshit."
  "Also you end up in a situation where you need a BA in order to punch keys on a keyboard or a BSc in order to collect water samples. People without degrees will get bumped by those with, so everyone needs a degree to do anything.
  "Uh... the bomb would have hit before the article hit the printer, let alone by the time the paper itself was printed and distributed..."
 * Don't want to go on Facebook and see pictures of people getting ready for NYE parties, so Reddit is now my procrastination method of choice.
  "How long do we have to wait for the present to become history?"
 Otherwise, you'd see the same thing you see today - 40 and 50 year old people desperate to find a new job because their previous job no longer exists, competing against 18 and 22 year olds with the exact same level of experience, but no real responsibilities in life - they still live at home, don't have bills to pay, don't have kids to support, and generally are willing to be walked all over to work any hours on demand. They'll bitch and whine about it, but it's not the same as not being able to work because you need to get home to feed kids, make sure ailing parents took their meds and get the check for the electric bill to the payment office before 5."
  "I love running and am fit but scrawny (if that makes sense). However, I'm flat footed so long runs make my feet uncomfortable after a while.
  "The grow up so fast!"
  "When they don't get my order right. *is it so hard to NOT put the lettuce in?
 The traffic on my left [USA] is moving so very fast, I need to slow down to make sure I find the perfect spot to merge over!
  "hah it's always in our nasty basement as he tried to lead our cub scout troop  I love my dad."
 although if you still know where they live... piss filled water balloons were made for a reason."
  "I'm gonna make it better!
 The teacher who taught the classes gave him a nice copy of the article as a graduation gift."
 He tried to take the whole box. I had to play it off like I needed one to jack it into, which was kinda embarrassing, but so worth it.
 I don't like mayonnaise but every sandwich company insists on putting it on every sandwich and only displaying the fact in small print. "
  "I'm alone on New Years day because I'm a loser, just like every year. "
  "I hate you all.
 It doesn't break the model, it's part of the model. Its assumed that corporations will maximize profits and minimize expenses. It's utterly expected that businesses will pay the least they can for labor, just as someone shopping around for a TV will pay the least they can get away with.
  "I would definitely take them to claims, just to get them to show up. They might have an easement to provide the utility, though."
  " SRS The original statement implied that they should get a better suited job and are choosing not to. The statement felt callous and out of touch with reality, hence the reply (my assumptions)."
  "Not ruining every single thing that I touch (generally metaphorically)."
  "Well, I haven't tried to kill myself this year. "
  "But I hear that they gotta shake that healthy butt."
  "I remember 3rd grade, teacher had us stand up and drop a text book with one hand and a pencil with the other to see that gravity pulls everything at the same speed regardless of the weight.
  "After learning this I would always make sure to aim lower than what my brain would instinctively go for.... I've hit the butt hole a few too many times for my SO to think it was accidental.  "
 Companies to invest in."
 find a local gym, run, bike, something. you'll feel good and you can justify eating any foods."
 This is the wrong tack to take with an Aspie Girl (girl... nearly fricken forty...) Apparently the response \"Well, I do have references for my argument, would you like to compare source material?\" isn't the thing to say... "
  "Drive drunk and we'll beat your ass"
  "I'm no mathematician, but about eight jars a month. "
 Probably will just tolerate you."
 This time next year, I promise you, your life will be so much richer!
  "\"Please hand me that vis--vis marker over there.\" See?
  "We had unemployment shooting up to levels unheard of in generations - despite the fact that the nation's infrastructure is crumbling and bridges are falling down even in big cities like SF. Meanwhile, the party that enacted the laws to create a massive deficit in the good years and has a majority in the HoR is blocking any additional spending in the depth of the recession, arguing that debt/GDP is now too high to maintain or extend infrastructure investment."
 Also, ski resorts can be fun year round. Some have a Gondola or lift running so you can ride up and shop or enjoy the view."
 As a Blackhawks fan this was a moment I will be telling my kids about one day. "
 I love that some of comments that notice parts of the gif that make you go back and look and you laugh even harder. IT makes you want to comment but then you realize it's an old comment and it'd be rather strange to make a comment. "
 I was having issues in the normal shoes and had none when I switched. It also depends on where your foot lands in relation to your body."
  "Or get a Kindle"
 enough for only One person to be able to get by. not to raise 3 kids. thats a portion of rent (roommates! ), food, healthcare, a bus pass, and a couple bucks to put away for retirement."
 We have signs everywhere to say keep left unless overtaking. So our slow traffic is in the left lane and overtaking is on the right. "
  "The tax cuts didn't cause the recession. They *did* increase our debt by a few trillion. Irresponsible tax cuts have the same outcome as irresponsible spending."
 Also you have to use the dative, so it would be mit mir, and also because wollen is a modal verb, the other verb has to go to the end of the sentence and take the infinitive.
  "You have to balance the pros and cons of learning how to use it vs-a-vs not learning how to use it. "
 My dad does this all the time, I just put it down. It's not like a year of my life disappears every time you don't put it down."
  "Our economy, assuming you're American, is on the rise based on our stock prices. However, actual wages have been stagnating and is an explanation upon why most people do not feel the economic recovery right now. I am not sure if this imbalance will rectify itself, and there is a pretty good potential that the middle and lower classes will not see those gains. We may hope for the best though, as there is also potential that minimum wage readjustments may bring more money down into the lower economic levels."
  "*shrug* She probably gives great head and has a better than average chance of being down for anal. A win in my book."
  "Imagine how depressing that would be for people trying to get pregnant and not having any luck. "
  "A clean home makes all the difference. Going home to a mess can literally ruin your day no matter how great it was. Take pride in where you live, that way when you do have a bad day you at least have a clean home to look forward too. "
  "What do you call cheese that's not yours?"
  "70% of the time it works everytime? "
  "oh gosh, no he will get some lovin:)"
 You have to have a little money left over to use for more food or fix the car if it breaks. Ramen doesn't cut it. If it's paycheck to paycheck,  at least the bills can get paid.
  "Getting into a top Law School."
  "it may be hard to imagine, but there are still places in the US where you would have to travel for many miles to find any kind of store -let alone one that has contraceptives in stock, nor a hospital in reasonable distance should a birth occur. If I never got to see other states, I'd never realize how bad some states or areas of states are if you were looking to get your freak on and have protection.
  "To keep losing weight, I'm over half-way there :)"
  "Creativelive.com   hands down amazing if you want to learn about photography, lighting or graphic design"
  "If you're dating someone who gets grenades thrown at them, you're missing a fairly obvious red flag."
  "Clearly I must be a troll since I play pokemon."
 My definition of a living wage would include enough resources to improve your situation. That's the whole idea behind capitalism, that you generate enough resources that the spare resources can be used to create more efficiency, right? The concept has worth and use, but I don't believe it can be universally applied in any meaningful way. the \"living wage\" for a solo parent with 2 kids is different to a \"living wage\" for a two parent/one child family, and the living wage will be different in different areas due to cost of living) * That all people need a living wage (e.g. a 15 year old middle-class child living with his parents doesn't need to earn a living wage) * That it's always the responsibility of the company or government to supply a long-term living wage to all people under their purview (i.e. that no responsibility falls on the person in question to change their situation by moving to a cheaper area, finding or working towards a higher paying job by getting education or specific experience, working more hours, choosing not to support people who aren't your responsibility etc.)"
  "You completely misunderstand how business works if you think an owner does \"absolutely nothing\" but reap profit.  "
  "I choose the capsules since the taste isn't that fabulous. However, my husband generally takes two capsules. Make sure you take it with food as it sometimes causes a little stomach upset for some people.
  "Mumford and Sons all accidentally get each other mandolins for Christmas"
 Please pull another number and try again. Lava is more intense than fire and to try and make a  parallel with the previous comment about it being intense. "
  "In London there are signs on every escalator on the tube "
  "Latin, to make my upcoming latin class easy."
  "I keep hearing the bassy music Cyriak uses while I watch this repeat 20 times!"
 I read it and couldn't believe it. Once I got confirmation through Arya, I couldn't keep reading for days "
 I have a fantastic boss who gives me projects and doesn't micromanage, who knows all the ins and outs and can help me understand what everything means, is flexible, and treats me like an adult.
 Hopefully we will only have to stay the night in a hotel maybe once or twice in the three weeks we have planned to spend out and about.
 The plan can be signed up for at Walmart, and any unlocked GSM or 4G SIM enabled phone can be used, including used iPhones. When looking for a job, Internet is a must, and ready access to email is pretty important. The longer it takes you to respond the less likely you are to get the job.
 It's 30 billion dollars bigger than China, Russia, UK, Japan, France, Saudi Arabia, India, Germany, Italy, and Brazil "I like it better this way."
  "You have to squat down and keep your back straight if you are attempting to lift heavy objects"
 I say patty and paddy differently, one is pat-t and the other is pad-d. IDK how else to explain it bu t I had a similar discussion about pin and pen the other day.
 Putting it off will only look worse. Out of curiousity, what are you more afraid of or what do you think they'll be most upset about: that they think you're too young or that you guys aren't married?
 When thinking about how much to pay someone, you have to look at several factors:  1. How many people out there can perform your job? Obviously, the vast majority of the human race can work a job at McDonalds. If you don't like the work, there's thousands of others who will do it. What is the quality of work you provide? However, the job isn't designed to pay enough to someone so they can raise a family or keep that job forever."
  "But I'll give it a good old college try."
 Why is it that an advanced, wealthy society has decided that a full-time job at minimum wage rates isn't enough to support an individual?  "
  "It was actually done that way so you can pick women up and carry them like a six-pack."
  "I use condoms and can usually feel the pulsing."
  "Along the same lines, ignore the bullies, turn the other cheek, etc. "
  "Just leave it there"
 He has really long fur and moves around pretty slowly, so it doesn't look like he shows much emotion. However, whenever I get home, he bolts to the door, jumps up on his hind legs and puts his paws on my shoulders, before resting his head between my neck and his foot. Now, I like to think I'm pretty tough, but that stuff just melts me every single time. My other 100 pound shaggy black lab likes to play fetch with rocks..."
  "Funny you say that.... it seems the more my salary increases, the more I stare at a wall when I'm at work. There's plenty of well-educated people who can't get jobs in their fields and end up resorting to minimum wage jobs. But I suppose you're fine with those people struggling to make ends meet as well."
  "That's true you ever see someone frown on a jet ski?"
  "It will become automated/mechanized if wages rise enough for it to be more profitable. "
 Riveting book from a Pulitzer winning journalist about a subject that more people should be aware of."
 Don't trouble yourself.
 The sound of gagging will be loud enough. "
  "Marley and Me: My house had a golden retriever that was looked and acted exactly like the dog did in the movie. My family saw the movie, in theaters, a month or two after our dog died. We didn't see the end of the movie..."
  "Whenever my parrot sees me he says \"really?\" Like he's had enough of my bullshit."
 We get it, shut the fuck up.  "
 Businesses want to pay you as low as they can and employees want to be paid as much as they can. Did you talk to your uppers about wanting a pay raise? If not, then what incentive would they have to pay you more if it appears you'll do the same job for the lowest price possible?"
  "Lord of the rings: return of the king"
 Gimme 5 minutes and check again."
 I'm on the fence constitutionally, tend to believe it'd be safer not to have them around, but one of the items on my bucket list involves the wildly inappropriate use of a Beretta, so..."
 She does this little stretch with get bum in the air. She will stay in any position if you start petting her. She sticks her entire head in the snow to sniff. If I'm sitting on my chair and she walks into the room she jumps through the arm (computer chair) and tries to squeeze behind my back. She will attempt to burrow just about anything. My favorite though is that I feed her after she goes to the bathroom every morning so age will run circles around me until we get to the laundry room (where the back door is) and then stands in the door way wagging her tail until I make eye contact then she spins around and high tails it to her bowl... As if the laundry room has power over her food bowl being filled. "
  "Although, thought penetration sounds pretty fucking sexy..."
 Do you want to win an election?
 Virgin media is disgusting and never go to them unless you can afford the max cost package, they'll limit your speed to like 0.5kb/s (I'm not kidding) Unless you are paying like 50 a month for internet, and considering my area has a max of like 1mb/s, paying for 50mb/s is a huge waste. tl;dr read smallprint and google around before you buy from a bad ISP."
  "Going to Google to type in a URL."
  "When people hold spoons like a fucking caveman. "
 Honestly, being impulsive probably makes for better stories, and I would love to just do a complete change for maybe a couple of days, but in the end I also like having a clear head with logical thoughts."
 Here's a squirt gun....  You can hold a real gun when I see you handling the squirt gun correctly."
  "I do not wear fivefingers, I wear New Balance Minimus. Insult me all you want, but I never had an injury in those shoes while teammates fell by the wayside as the season went on"
  "1. you would screw up the land/ property value  2. there is only so much resource in the world putting a cost on it will limit the amount that people spend. "
  "Well, seeing how bad Reddit is at economics, I can only imagine people will want to demand laws for goods to be sold lower than costs and then act surprised that there are shortages of the goods because no one wants to produce something at below cost. "
  "Set up a skype call with some friends who are also at home tonight. Maybe go out into the closest city, or place of high population density, and just see where the night takes you; who knows, you could meet your soul mate out there"
 They may be a little upset and they'll probably be a little concerned for your future and how you'll be able to take care of it since you're so young, but they're also going to be grandparents and if they're decent people, they'll want to be a part of that and help out where they can."
  "If you're not already doing these:  1) start exercising (resistance training) r/fitness can help  2) learn to play an instrument, personally I prefer the acoustic guitar, very portable and very cool /r/guitarlessons and /r/Guitar   3) Learn a foreign language"
  "However that inequality can take the form of income.
  "It's this attitude that really grinds my gears. You would pay someone next to no nothing, cause fuck them, someone else would do it if they quit? And never mind they can't pay their bills?
 Italy deserves more than 10% of the credit for defeating one of the Axis powers."
 Sounds like a good synonym to me."
 Or you can go find places where that movement has not quite reached yet."
  "I love you too, Ham Authority."
  "Yea, the first time I saw a tomato and a textbook hit the ground at the same time, I was floored. "
  "Sausage dogs only contain 20% sausage, the rest is made up of dog and other dog related materials such as bark and tail."
  "So you pretty much hate pro gun rights and pro lifers?"
  "My miniature poodle/dachshund mix (who was raised by hand) will burrow her head into my shoulder when I've been away for a while or when she is scared.
 -buy him shopping -Make the bed -Put his clothes away -Put his dirty clothes in laundry bags.
 For example, I often have to skip to the middle of a Youtube video to find the true beginning of a discussion or how-to."
 non-parents don't see it when there is nothing to see. hey non-parents .. make a conscious decision to count the behaves vs. the mis-behaves and talley up the total after a week or two."
 I just don't understand how so many people can walk around with their brain on standby."
 Unless there's illegal price fixing or no competition, this would not work as there would be other companies who could still profit without raising wages and thereby offer a lower price point, driving the greedy company out of business."
  "Love is giving someone the ability to hurt you but trusting them not to."
  "they usually chuckle and move on"
 When I graduated from HS in 1975 a HS graduate could not get a job, no not even at fast food. At that time I started working as a roofer then a mechanic then into a slaughter house. As the years progressed my pay increased but more importantly my life skills broadened. Continuing I drove concrete block truck then started managing a farm. One particularly bad winter day I was told about a aide job at a state run psychiatric hospital, and while there I discovered nursing realizing I could do that and make a lot more money. After 4 years of working full time night shift and going to school full time during the day (I had 2 children to support and a lazy wife). My point is there were several jobs I had the I could have \"Lived on\"  but had they paid more I would not have gained the knowledge base for life or the desire to improve my situation. If you want to flip burgers the rest of your life accept the pay level. Also ask yourself how many people do you know personally that do a good job and only make minimum wage.
  "You can't fix a broken person, especially if they don't want to be fixed."
  "\"Bonjour les eleves!\"   \"Hey, hey what did you just call me?!?!
 You're right that most people are responsible for their lives and those who aren't can be given helping hands from the government and otherwise but there are people out there who don't qualify for assistance and aren't \"able\" to work 40+ hours a week. There are scenarios that exist that don't cover the ability to work 40 hours like... transportation, job availability, job skill level. You can't simply magic 40 hours of work for you to get paid by. It's not that the person is unable to work at a job, or is mentally unfit, or anything else beyond his past shining a poor reflection on him. When we're talking about a society we move away from individuals and attempt to create rules that bind the society together. So if you're looking at it from an ethical standpoint there will be a threshold of \"fuck you\" to people in your society. Private companies aren't forcing you to steal things, society is because there are no available positions for you and you gotta eat. The resolutions you posit suggests that all humans are self motivating with abilities to work without government assistance. Then you get into another societal problem of \"happiness\" and quality of life for it's citizens. Working 50-60 hours a week not to die of starvation seems like a pretty shitty job.
 Now I can focus on refreshing the front page of Reddit..."
 That lip on it isnt for more traction on the pool table, its to put your fingers under to lift it off after racking the balls. So please put it right side up ;-)"
 Almost puts you off turkey.
  "And the kidneys... the color is all wrong."
  "If what I was wearing on the day of Halloween counts as my costume, i'm afraid if i leave my house ill be arrested for public indecency.   "
 I'd say having to go to work during New Years Eve. "
  "Not necessarily wrong, but less efficient: peeling a banana from the stem side..."
 ), make sure you're giving each of them the right enough of it, or else it'll pile up and get worse. "
  "You can do what you want, but you have to be able to take the fact that makes it okay for someone to do it to you."
 It goes until January 25 and is a great opportunity to pick up a 10 or 20 gallon aquarium for cheap. a good resource to get started :)"
  " and he'll be forced to like you!
 because if we caused trouble our parents would just pack up and take us home within 5 min, no questions.
 I'm not talking gourmet, but just being able to make a stir fry, spaghetti bolognese, lasagne, a roast dinner, a basic soup, an omelette....
  "/u/lion_on_the_floor will be supplying the blood.
  "Oh it ain't for friendship, if you put me on the spot like that, your uppance will come."
  "a lot of places require a deposit though, youre looking at paying rent on the old place for your 30 days notice, rent on the NEW place so you can begin moving in, and a deposit, which is usually about one months rent as well.
  "Not much in my area, lots in the extended area that requires travel or public transit, dressing up, and dropping more coin than I want. And we're scheduled to fly out tomorrow at 10AM anyway, so we have to leave at like 830 for the airport- probably best that we not go out, or else likelihood of getting any sleep is minimal."
  "Holding their camera phone in the proper orientation when shooting video. It's only very rarely I see people do this correctly."
 I can't remember what I thought while writing it, but it makes sense."
  "I didn't know that people actually did this wrong until I saw a pin on Pinterest about it... Come on seriously? The wavy side is ugly, of course you'd put it wavy side down.
  "That will be the first time I applaud anything happening in China for...actually I wasn't even born the last time they did anything worth praising. "
  "I had a passionate relationship like that. It's honestly the best and worst at the same time.. best because 'I get to see her! I won't see her for 2 weeks? It worked 100% of the time I let her have her way, and I was happy to for a long time which made it so I couldn't change how much say I had without everyone around us thinking I was doing something wrong to her. :|  If I could do it all over again I wouldn't have dated her, I gave up a very promising career and most likely being an extremely successful man in something I love for passionate love with a girl I truly loved. I regret it whenever I think of it, but I completely understand how I felt when I was there so I'm not upset about it. This is my story, and I hope to find someone like it again.
 He could easily manipulate you if he can justify it to himself. Maybe he wouldn't, since to be your spouse he would probably have feelings for you, but the ability is there and the power balance in the relationship would be way off. He doesn't take care of himself: has unhealthy eating habits, smokes, uses cocaine and morphine. He hoards papers and would be a mess to live with, especially with all the poisonous tobacco smoke in the air and his odd hours and dangerous shenanigans. Basically, Watson is a better man than I to put up with such a shitty roomie.
  "I'm sure he is sweet, but you can't deny you've made him sound a little crazy/intimidating (telling someone you're gonna shoot them, even in jest, is a little whacky!)."
  "For a mix of machine and human languages, /r/lojban."
  "The clitoris is analogous to the head of the penis. It's super sensitive but stimulation of just that part doesn't always lead to orgasm."
  "The one post that was just a picture of a pancake that reached the front page"
  "If her plumage turns green, she wants you to approach."
 It's easy to get ahead?
  "your mom sounds like a real bitch. I'd like her."
  "5 beers in 2-3 hours makes you legally drunk? "
 I put you in the \"circle back to\" bookmark folder.
  "Nothing steady water changes can't fix.  "
 My favorite part is to disprove my husbands claim that \"makeup doesn't make a girl prettier\" or that I \"look just as good without it\". Seeing him look at me when I've taken the time to apply some proper eyeshadow is priceless."
 Never give up. "
  "I hate big crowds and loud sounds. I am also with mine, but they don't really get hyped up about NYE. "
  "They pull from the same database so they have the same stuff.
  "Don't mow someone else's lawn."
  "Even among geniuses someone has to scrub the toilets. And that's the reason why your view doesn't work. Because not everyone can work at the top tiers or the high end jobs. In your philosophy we might as well break down those that don't meet a minimum intellectual and physical standard into nutrient paste.
 Durango Mountain Resort (we call it Purgatory still) has an alpine slide in the summer.
 Living that close to the edge of what is possible is why over a million children in the USA might not eat today. The point is not to identify the bleeding edge of possibility for someone who is in a relatively advantageous position. Rather, you need some level which keeps an appreciable percentage of working folks above living on the streets. Factor in rising costs associated with inflation and minimum wage adjustments become necessary just to keep the wage floor consistent with inflation adjusted cost of living. "
  "Sean Bean, does it even need to be said?"
  "I was hoping that case had 1 million."
  "Actually, I see this system in Walmarts more often than any other store, at least in Canada. They use a light system, like you say. Whenever a register is free, the cashier presses a button and their number flashes and a voice says \"please proceed to register X\"."
 With his first strike, he cleaved the first troll's head from its shoulders and quickly rounded on the others. One lunged at him; his gargantuan hands the size of an anvil. The young man sidestepped the strike and swiftly chopped off the attacking troll's arm, causing him to howl in pain and anger. Taking advantage of his temporary weakened state, the man thrust his sword deep into the wounded troll's heart, killing him instantly. As the second troll fell in a heap at the man's feet, he turned to face the final troll, his sword dripping with the blood of his two fallen comrades. Upon seeing the rage and anger in the young man's eyes, the final troll turned and fled for his life. But it was not enough, as the young man hurled his sword after the final troll, sending it arching through the air, as it reached it's intended target and embedded itself in the third troll's back between its shoulders and it fell face first into the ground. However can I repay your heroics?\"  \"Fairest maiden,\" the hero replied, \"I ask for nothing in return. Got to see some of the cast. "
  "Money doesn't buy happiness, but it avoids misery"
  "I like your logic; you're going places!^(specifically, out the sunroof.)
  "I find them in my butt crack, it's disgusting "
  "How else do you provide evidence if not with scholarly citations? If you use this definition: \"the available body of facts or information indicating whether a belief or proposition is true or valid,\" then it is obvious that by evidence, you mean that you want the OP to prove the model is accurate. It's not as obvious with a definition such as: \"anything presented in support of an assertion.\" It isn't clear which definition you were using."
  "No, but you can rent happiness."
  "low interest   student loan  If only.... :("
  "That the fear of failure can prevent you from achieving things you want out of life."
 I don't think people eat them, but they're called urinal cakes."
  "Since I am a Dodger fan, would there be any way to make up for that? Because I will never like any San Francisco teams.. "
  "If you're asking how you can not know, it's because it's not obvious from looking at the device, most people don't read instructions and only tech-savvy people can be expected to know about the traditional holding the power button hardware switch. If you're asking how to turn an iPhone off, hold the power button."
  "I hope someone shoots that entire fucking family in every limb and then the face because they fucking deserve it.
 All joints can \"become\" universal at your own discretion"
  "do i have to eat it with my feet?"
  "[Darling, will you spend the next six to ten years with "Someone who fucking sucks at conversations. I'm trying to talk to you, don't fucking act like a tree and talk back and be interesting, its a lot more awkward if you say one line things and never contribute to the conversation. "
 Do you like them to become completely known by the end of the book - or do you like them to remain a little bit mysterious? I tend to leave the main characters in my writing to stay just slightly in the shadows.
 We just had to take our adopted dog back to the shelter because his aggression issues were too much for us, especially since we're trying to get pregnant. At least we know the shelter is a great one and he is very loved there so they will help train him and find him another home in no time. "
  "If I'm running with my dog, sometimes she just decides to lie down on the grass and roll over for a belly rub."
  "My step-father always slams his foot on the floor exlaiming he just killed that barking spider."
 At work everybody either says \"supposebly\" or \"supposevly\", it drives me crazy!!"
 :) Yeah, as you suggested, I don't think I will be able to work those things. However, another redditor did mention that speaking with a local university art professor might help, so maybe I should look to see if there is a design technology professor available, as well.
  "If you see Sean Bean, you should just assume he dies. I saw an article on this subject and he was #2, can't remember who #1 was."
  "Is it any more wrong for a company to underpay their workers than it is for a worker who will happily work for less to not return a portion of his salary at year's end?"
 Commenting to save this.
  "\"I made water for Brad and friends.\""
  "80's style rock is cool.
 If she misses them or takes them late, then you need to use the \"typical use\" effectiveness figure, which iirc is eighty something percent."
 Nerdy guy gets to bang Kate Winslett then forget all about the breakup when the relationship inevitably goes awry.
  "a digestive system that can keep up with modern food"
  "I can assure you, I don't hear that very often."
  "I'd like to see it cut in half so it's still way bigger than every other country in the world, but, you know, in half. When NATO can't do it, USA can do it. When Japan and South Korea can't do it, USA can do it.
  "I work at Marshall's and we have this.
 The world has been gifted many wonderful things, and been built up by the works of monstrous men. What you are saying makes no sense."
 I think education is a big part of that- then again, I may be a bit biased as a teacher, but I don't think someone's zipcode should determine the quality of education that they receive."
  "Oh okay, I'll check it later on desktop."
  "Let me just refer you directly to the source: /r/gentlemanboners "
  "Surprisingly, with the huge ice storm we got last week, I actually saw this working correctly in East Lansing. Every day on my way to and from work I was amazed to see everyone working the 4 way stop properly."
 I love Japan and the history and culture it has...and I watch too much anime"
  "How about a usb port for our brain?
  "\"I don't want to set the world on fiiiiiirre.\""
 Seems as though we have read some completely different material you 14 year old goon "
  "This is why I love our society, we're so quick to just blame the person and tell them it's their fault (yeah, you can claim that's not what you were fishing for here, but I dont believe it for a second)"
 I shouldn't have to pay for the fact you think you are above living in your childhood room, especially since that person has the same skillset as a child. "
  "I didn't revise it to make sense.
  "sorry for that, I should have put a spoiler warning"
 The look on his face while holding his friends lifeless hand. Now I don't know if I'd have the gall the have done it.
 Homeopathics [which can't legally be called a cure for anything in the US] are a potential effective treatment through the placebo effect. (Active ingredients are what enables a manufacturer to make a claim)  They need their active ingredient/drug status to be revoked.. not made illegal"
  "i decided to annoy my long haired friend. he had never cut his hair ever for the last few years, and we all knew that. so when he was asleep in the tub, i cut off all of his hair and chained him to some poles- we would come get him in a few hours- and next thing you know, all his hair grows back and he tears down the pole."
 We do tend to get trapped in \"roles\" - instead of remembering we are all people trying to muddle through as best we can while teaching the best of us to those around us, young and old.
  "Strict NDA if you can't even say what game you are testing from a friends key on a reddit account.."
  "Ideally let's just trade this for something other than bleeding for about a week a month, with painful cramping. Lighter flow is a nice start, but I feel like the model after that needs to progress to a very minor indication that you aren't pregnant. "
 I tend to leave the main characters in my writing to stay just slightly in the shadows. Glad to hear you also like them vague.
  "I stole all the Duracell AAA batteries that were in stock at my local Walmart once.
  "He beat your meat, eh?"
 Which makes more sense because you are inside of a line of people, not on top of it."
  "You're doing an internship, you're still a student, and you're playing the game you have to play to make a shitload more than $15 an hour. And as an intern, I guarantee they can run just fine without your token \"help\". I do a lot of work with GE Aviation through my job. When you get a real job you'll understand my point of view."
  "Let it out, collect yourself, move on."
 You may be forced to work that job because you need a job, but you aren't physically forced by the employer to work the job. No one is going to beat you for quitting. It might be a bad idea to quit, but you still can quit."
  "Tell a good story, no one is going to give a shit if it's boring and self indulgent rubbish."
  "I will refer to this"
  "Basically, it's whatever you need to earn to have your essentials easily covered, plus enough for rainy day savings and the occasional treat for everyone dependent on the income. It'll be different in every country and always fighting money supply inflation."
  "Hey man, not here to plug anything, but please look up my username on YouTube if you like. I had to read quite a few books and make quite a few mistakes in order to get to where I am now. I make videos on how to be more socially adept-- or I try at least. I don't have many viewers, and don't even care if you subscribe. I make these videos as reminders of social things that really matter so that I can be the person I can possibly be.
  "We call this the \"search and destroy\" method "
  "yea, it makes me feel tingly"
 Double loop master race 4eva."
  "All atheists should look on this comment like the southpark episode where everyone converted to atheism and then back.
 All for a $15 coaster club membership and RSVPing.
  "Lol, I'll leave you to ponder that one!"
  "It's true, but in cases when it's extremely crowded and only like 5% of people want to walk and the rest wants to stand, it's much more efficient to make everyone stand than to waste 50% of the space for a few people to be able to walk.
  "Continuously press the walk signal button at stop lights."
  "English, according to my citizenship application.. My 12 years in a Non-French Canadian grade school isn't enough proof I can speak english."
 That phone could be 3 years old, from a time when they had some disposable income. Hell, the vehicle might not have even been theirs.
  "but but... \"Gonna pay the rent today!\""
 A law like this would lead to many negative unintended consequences. Allowing congresspeople to barter and scheme through amendments is important."
  "It's the color of your hands during a walk on a cold winter night. The color of last weeks bruise, you forgot it was until someone touched it. At night, When you look up and just when you're about to get lost in that color you still manage to find your way thanks to the moon. It can also be bright and give you a good feeling during a hot summer day, when the sun get jealous and steals  the spotlight and the sky reminds you of himself by sending a cool breeze through your hair.
  "When you write a song about spending 20 bucks on thrift shop clothing, it's not music.
  "Show that you are an alpha male and will be ready to take over the family once the dad dies. Make sure he knows you will take care of his wife and daughter. "
  "I like my 3-5 finger hunt and peck method, thank you very much! I suppose I should learn to type properly, they have been trying to teach that since grade 4? I also work on a computer...... "
  "I hate those 'parents' so much, even if they don't exist."
  "Neither makes sense. I don't get why people think \"I couldn't care less\" is a million times better. If you really, truly couldn't care any less at all, you wouldn't even care enough to respond with anything.
  "I fell in love with a girl I met in real life by Skyping with her every day.
  "Yeah, although I guess I could understand rinsing down the sides or something to keep it clean?"
 The subreddit's pretty clearly for people who have, and likely have always had, a lifestyle of zero exercising to break them into the habit.
  "When it's time to wake up for work, my dog gets a running start, jumps onto my bed and starts rolling around on top of me. Who needs an alarm clock?
 I'm not even kidding, it's like, unless you're a porn star chances are you haven't taken a colon cleanser, and I don't like poop on my penis. And even in porn, women (or men, I guess) who take it up the bum and IMMEDIATELY start blowjob procedures.
  "There are three things I try to remember when I feel another depressive episode coming on:  1. Today may suck, tomorrow might be worse- hey, things might suck for a few weeks or months, but what is that compared to the rest of your life? Hold on and keep moving forward. Your attitude when depressed makes a massive difference. When you're lying in bed trying to decide if today is worth getting through, *choose* to put forth the effort. If you constantly give in to the desire to do nothing, you're only putting yourself in the position to get worse. When you're depressed you get into a very \"me\" mindset. ie, you try making plans with someone but they already have plans, so obviously they don't care about you and they don't love you and nobody loves you and no one could ever love you and you may as well not be alive. Now, which is more likely; that they (and by extension, nobody) don't love love you, or that you asked too late and were already committed to something else? These are the things that help me the most when I find myself in the middle of another depressive episode. Depression is often a life long thing, but you can learn to manage it. You can learn how to catch yourself before you fall into a dangerous place if you know the things that come before an episode. I, for example, have trouble sleeping, get angry at small things and  find my OCD acting up weeks or even months before a major depressive episode hits. If I catch myself, I can prepare for it and can keep myself from believing the lies that depression likes to tell me. Most importantly, you need to learn that you can trust others to help you. They may not understand what you're going through and they may give you bad advise, but they love you.
 We used it almost everyday to make bacon weaves and pizza and everything. "
  "They even fax us a warning beforehand, but still we're caught by surprise."
 We're driving and my dad suddenly misses the brake and starts hitting the clutch (which does nothing obviously) so we end up rear ending the person in front of us  twice because of the hill and the momentum, then finally my mom pulled the handbrake. So my mom got out to inspect damage and the other people got out, so my dad meaning to pull up, took off the handbrake but missed the brake a 2nd time and rear ended them like 3 more times with the hill and knock my mom an her ass. and all those kinda of things that have to be done in an accident), we had just happened to be close to an area with some parked cars. So I saw some cute looking girls on the other side of the street sitting on the hood of their car and walked over. So like I was spending time with them, down half of this one girl's beer, and they said I could have another so I downed another whole beer all within about 5 minutes. So one of the girls pulls out her phone and shows me a video. But it was fun talking to them, I'm already doing one of my new years resolutions(which was to be more confident with myself and approach women, and just people in general more easily(I have bit of a stutter issue at times to it doesn't help)). Also, if the people who offered me beer see this.
 That makes me really aggressive "
 Pour a drink or three. Relax, and think of the people who are dealing with annoying crowds right now."
  "I was gonna drink water, but I decided that water smells too loud for New Years. I'm gonna drink hydrogen instead."
  "I use it as a comfort food, and a massive trigger to binge eating."
 Everyone please take an umbrella and *briskly* walk to the nearest shelter"
  "You can start by eating some pussy..."
  "sticks and stones and weed and bones."
 Haven't you noticed I've passed you at the same speed like seven times now since the other side of Amarillo?!"
  "\"I guess being quiet sometimes makes the most noise.\"  "
  "He sounds great. He is still with us, but I am not sure how much longer he will be."
  "I've always been bad at math, even back when I was a young'un. The first grade teachers were coming in to pick the students they wanted. \"Miss Crank.\"     \"Why Miss Crank?\"    \"I heard she doesn't make us do subtraction.\""
 * Like, I cut the pockets off of one of my pairs of jeans before going to the theater, so I could freeball and fondle without anyone knowing. The jeans eventually came to a different use... like \"adjusting myself.\" Good times."
  "Brit here, I hate smokers - I just can't understand why you would ever want to do that to yourself.
  "I've heard that someone smelling good is a sign of pheromones indicating that you're compatible genetically. Not sure I believe it absolutely, but it does make wonder how much is pre-programmed into our biology. "
 Fuck the haters, let them keep messaging you.
  " In Denmark, attempting to escape from prison is not illegal, however, if one is caught, he/she is required to serve out the remainder of their term. I love that law actually. It respects an individual's desire for freedom.
  " most likely went to an under-funded public school, and couldnt afford going to college to give them a chance to learn a skill.
 I have not yet been hit by a train.
  "Find something that makes you happy and do it. What other people think doesn't matter- don't live your life trying to impress others by how much you do, what you have or where you go, get their envy by thoroughly, completely, loving what you spend your time doing."
  "msu had a kanji game that was great, but I can't find it now"
 My girl is at home in her super soft pj's listening to Dre and eating kier so I figured I'd reddit since work is boring."
  "Unless the cashier is really lazy and trusting, they'll still want to count them themselves, and check that they are all the same type/flavor, since different flavors are often differently priced."
 When she finally cut it, she cut it down to like 6 inches and it looked worse IMO.
 However, I have no doubts my mom's side will be excited and supportive."
  "a beanie, like $27. a bundle of fibers that covers one's head should not cost $27. one beanie from the \"clearance rack\" being stolen did not make a difference to the company.
 I assume there are some sociopaths who seem like fine people and you'd never know they're a sociopath. But if one were to be manipulative as a result of their sociopathy, being more intelligent can create more opportunities to manipulate people. "
 I can only point to things outside of my brain that gives rise to that sensation, but I can never talk about the private sensation itself."
  "I like how you broke her spirit, I hope you treat your boyfriends the same way. "
  "\"One's thoughts can be as random and unpredictable as the weather.\""
  "Is the paying forward only within this thread or can you pay it forward anywhere?"
 Its mostly just takes practice.
  "The Constitution was written to create a government. Without the government that knows better than you and spends all your money or silly things like tanks, ICBMs, roads and schoolteachers, all you rugged individualists would have become (or, indeed, remained) the serfs of some tyrant overseas (maybe King George, maybe some Louis or another) who appreciates the organisation and spending power of a government and the awesome powerful army/navy that it can build. (Not to speak of the fact that 90% of your people, the ones who could not afford the private schools, would have remained illiterate peasants unable to read the instructions on a can of beans.)
  "Do things that scare you but kind of excite you, too."
  "I love how you have to explain your comment to everyone."
  "A major celebrity leaves the church of Scientology and busts the whole scam wide-open. Like, federal indictment level wide-open."
 The problem is that the guys at the top believe they are worth it, and they're in the position to decide what they get paid, so.... "
  "We see you drunk, your cell door is gunna clunck."
  "You may leave the house only when the dogtooth falls out and grows back "
  "YouTube if you can get a good enough following"
  "You also couldn't hold a second pregnancy if it wasn't elastic and didn't go back to how it was before (or close to)."
 Typically that is a metal wire, because these particles can really easily travel through metals due to the way the atoms in metals sit."
  "at what point did you say \"Get the fuck off of my property before I call the cops\"?"
  "I love the \"we should lower taxes so that we can pay better wages\" arguements  You know what would happen if we lowered taxes giving corporations more money? They'd have higher profits this year (which of course means the job creators get a bonus)."
 You mom can be a real fucking bitch.
 I would never smoke myself but watching a guy smoke a cigarette can definitely get things going for me. I used to date a guy who smoked, he thought it was the shit that I'd hang outside with him while he took a cig break."
  "I've passed out while trying to make a bowl of coco puffs but that time I was just high as shit"
  "To drink through his anus?"
  "I work primarily in the fish department of a pet store. You have no idea how many people assume they can have fish waaaay too early. I feel you."
 It's the opposite, stand on the left for people walking on the right. "
  "The ability for teeth to fix themselves and regenerate "
  "Sitting patiently for Hospice Care to arrive and make my grandfather comfortable in his last hours. "
  "With all due respect, every child in America is guaranteed 12 years of free education. If that's not enough to learn that \"children are expensive, don't have one at 16, then I'm not quite sure how much more education we can provide people. Many of the people having children at a very young age wouldn't use it if you delivered it to their door.
 I appreciate the interaction with a person, so I've never actually used one myself before."
  "I've always like the Somerville circle, its almost as good as the main Flemington circle. "
 Log into your gmail account, go to contacts, and clean them up there.
  "Generally speaking, I don't think anyone says to themselves \"I'm going to go get hammered tonight, then see if I can successfully drive home.\"  Usually the decision to drive is made long after the decision to drink, and like a lot of decisions we make, neither are arrived at after serious consideration. I mean, how many times does the average person stop before getting behind the wheel and ask \"is this a good idea?\"  Driving is something we don't tend to think about too much, and once the drinking has been accomplished the likelihood of serious consideration given to driving is going to go down quite a bit. Most folks are confident in their ability to operate a motor vehicle, and even when impaired that confidence is usually enough to overcome any lagging doubts. And I mean when I took the breathalyzer test I got an \"A.\"  What went through my head when I decided to drink and drive?
  " This is also the point, most economists argue, that a wage will naturally rest at without outside interference. This eminent despair is perfectly exploited by companies wanting to lower wages."
  "[Here's the guide from my favorite source, just for "First: That's an optimistic NSFW tag. I was a little depressed because I was the last person in my group to catch a flight home, so I was on my own for half a day and I had some emotional issues. It was April of 2011, and the NBA playoffs were going on so I decided to watch games on the flight. I talked with him for most of the flight, and we actually talked a lot about basketball, if only \"wow that guy is impressive.\" At the end of the flight, his wife thanked me and he told me \"Thanks for talking with me, sometimes my head is no good\" and I told him it was okay, as I genuinely enjoyed talking with him. It gave me a better understanding of how to communicate with someone who has Alzheimer's, and helped me cherish what time was left with my grandmother. Tl;Dr: At an emotional low on flight, bonded with an elderly man with Alzheimer's over basketball, learned to feels better."
 $500 rent plus utilities ($6000/year). Power cost in Kenai was over $0.20 per Kilowatt, in the winter running lights and the water well, we'd easily see $250/month on the electric bill - gas heat still needs fans to blow it around the house. Got to have a block heater for your car too. Then the gas money to get food, get to work, get what you need 15 miles away, not to mention the 20% premium on all basic necessities. Easily you drive 20k miles/year. Moved to Seattle, rent an apartment for $1000/month, power here is about $0.05/kilowatt. I fill up my car once every two months now. So a little bit more spending, but I make $25k more a year here. People always ask me why I live in one of the most expensive places in the country. I tell them it's the same, where I spend more on rent I spend way less on transportation, food, utilities, and I have WAY more time to enjoy my life not chopping wood...which I might add that most people buy wood for their fireplaces in Alaska, not a money saver, just a lifestyle.
 Ask for some news headlines that will happen in the next week or two that shock the world when they happen.  "
  "This is for anyone that can answer it. What is the best way you can describe the taste of a penis? "
  "I work 40-50 hours a week. I'll make a little over $18,000 this year. "
 Let me guess, you also think the cashier at Best Buy is the one that wrote the entire software for the Call of Duty game you want to play, he mined the minerals for the disc by hand and he runs the servers for the game in the back. He is the reason people pay money. People pay money because someone underconsumed their own resources and invested that in a venture that has risk in order to attempt to make more.   "
 My right one likes to creep up inside me."
  "\"feels like you just took a bump of the best drug in the world, straight to the dick.\"   Edit: best description"
 Several RA's knocked on his door with no answer, he also wasn't answering his phone because he was on a date. More and more RAs started to knock and call and got really concerned. We watched the whole thing unfold from behind the peephole of the adjacent room. Little did we know a resident attempted suicide a few weeks earlier so the thought was fresh on the minds of all RAs. We were too scared to confront them because the entire damn RA staff was outside of his room thinking he was dead. We never came forward because we were too terrified of consequences    TL;DR: Accidentally made everyone believe our RA killed himself "
  "It enrages me every time I hear about it, especially when the parents face no legal action whatsoever.  "
 What are your biggest turn offs? OR What's your biggest turn off?"
  "I like that one has a certain revelance "
  "Friends:\"Gerad turn on your side so you don't choke on your puke\" Gerad:\"I am the side\""
  "Take the motorcycle safety course, save up some money, and buy a motorcycle.
 i cant take this thread anymore... its like 30:1 depressing: good times"
 So who knows if I was over .08 because I'm a 6'4\" 200 pound guy, but I'm not going to risk it. "
 I hate when the best part is spoiled before I read something. "
 I feel like it gets me more interested that way."
  "I hate when someone breaks through a whole turn"
  "I don't get that one?"
  "I think your new year's resolution should be to get off reddit more."
 I wanted to do something to make them excited, like a grandma/grandpa bib or something.
 It makes things worse. * Don't give them your plan. Giving them this upper hand will help get them thinking about a solution rather than their conservative beliefs. * Make sure you tell them right away that you want to keep the baby as part of the intro, don't let them think at anytime that you ever considered otherwise. This will make them feel good about raising you right. A lot of what they say at that time will be charged with emotion. If an argument is starting, tell your parents you love them and want their help, not to fight. * If a fight cannot be avoided, leave the situation and offer to come over again the next day to talk. This will give your parents time to think it over and cool off, while at the same time letting them know you still want them involved.
  "Oh then Sean Bean, he's like the Kenny of the movies"
  "I want a tail, wings, the ability to breathe fire, immunity to diseases, and enhanced vision so I can see a tree 1km away in perfect detail."
  "Not much at all goes through someone mind who does this. "
 Of course you have to have artistic talent to do this, but it's very popular for hotels and casinos to buy large stained glass fixtures for their lobbies and meeting spaces.
 She was in front of me in line at a Taco Bell.
 So if you don't want a baby you can keep the production off."
 Either way, anecdotal evidence doesn't really support a point."
 I love you.
  "Those conversations will be so valuable to you. Also, take lots of pictures. He will never really leave you. He only changes forms, much like how energy is neither created nor destroyed.
 Should be easier to write kanji as I know/learn Chinese Mandarin. As a follower of various Japanese things like manga, Touhou, etc., Japanese will let me be able to do so much without having to wait for an English translation.
  "I've learned German and Spanish, and thanks to Spanish can read French and Italian and Portuguese enough to get a basic understanding. _Chinese is hard._ But, yeah, I'd choose to learn Chinese in 24 hours if I could."
  "\"The building was on fire, and it wasn't my fault.\" - Blood Rites, book 6 of the Dresden Files"
 How'd your motor manufacturers like their bailout btw?"
 The first time my wife (then girlfriend) farted in front of me, we were in Target, and I didn't even hear nor smell it. She just started crying and begged, \"please don't leave me.\" I was so confused, and when she finally calmed down and told me what happened, I couldn't stop laughing. "
 It's surprisingly enjoyable to tell someone they can't have fish after all the crap you have to put up with."
 Sure, you can message me.
 Smell is everything to me, if someone smells bad even once, they get mentally marked in my head as gross. I don't like that I do this, but I can't help it. "
 We poke fun at each other all the time, but it's always just silly. We agree on most social issues, even though I'd say she's quite a bit more socially liberal than I am. She exclusively votes Democrat and I'm an independent who usually votes Republican (voted for Obama in 2008 and Romney in 2012). I've never had any real issues with her over our political beliefs but I do find myself wondering what it will be like when we have kids. Her parents are polar opposites politically and I think it was a good thing for her growing up because she was really able to shape her own beliefs without being pulled in either direction by her parents.
  "My cat will sit on the arm of the couch and head butt me until I pet her for a while. If I bend my head down and ask for a kiss, she will touch her nose to my lips. She then lies down and presses her back against my arm."
  "When someone posts every little bit of their juicy relationship drama on Facebook for their Facebook friends to see. Man I sure know how to pick them!\"  Really?"
 Nothing worse than having to change a tampon at a house and realizing that you have nowhere to put it once it's out and wrapped in toilet paper. No one wants to have to stuff that in their pocket or purse until they can stealthily sneak it into the kitchen trashcan. "
 We got an aquarium for my little sister for her birthday, had the professionals..... \"professionals\" from the fish store come and install it, it was a 10 gallon (i think?) salt water tank with all the finding nemo fish, and the pros came in with all their tools, put everything in, dumped the fish in, and left.
  "Well there's always going to be Joe Idiot that expects to make 60k a year while drinking budweiser and watching Maury, but I don't think you can condemn increasing minimum wage because of it. They definitely struggled a lot just too get by. So, obviously skilled labor should pay more than unskilled, but that does not mean that someone that works 40 hours a week at Walmart shouldn't be able to live a human life."
 I guess I'll turn the dog on them, then aim center mass and pull the trigger until they fall. "
  "So like when I purposely get an erection for fun?"
  "Don't be afraid to make them feel uncomfortable by telling them.
 I keep hearing \"the safe was opened\" but know nothing about it other than that there was a safe, and it was opened."
  "If we're talking actresses, Michelle Rodriguez is probably near the top of the list.
 I'm feeling *lonelier* even though I do have boyfriend to kiss this year--too bad he's miles away."
  "so... make sure she doesn't blab.
  "To feel less slighted by nonevents. To remember that fear is in anticipation."
  "Breakfast sounds good... Engagement is a surprise I'm still waiting for."
  "If you're dating a grown man that talks like that you might want to question if he's actually a man...."
  "What if it's powers like "Although many places do sell what they call \"expresso\", by which they mean a quickly made drive through coffee (like they join together the words express and espresso to mean a quick coffee made with espresso)."
 World hunger, overpopulation, cancer and many other diseases - they will all be solved by science."
  "I hated that time period, but going in with knowledge of future events I would of course make different choices. I'd get a job earlier on and start buying stocks that are going to make me a lot of money and start my current career at an early age. It would probably be hard to take things as seriously (since I'd be wondering if 12 years later I would have to do it all over again) so in turn, I would probably be a lot more assertive and take chances I hadn't previously. If I would retail my current knowledge/memory, I would definitely not be too upset about it in the long run."
  "Our cat had a brief love affair with our new microwave, before we put it in its spot. He would lie next to it on the couch with his paws on the door and just stare at it.
 Assuming that you don't take any difficult classes that need any extra studying, or have zero extra-curricular activities. Sports, music, theater, etc, will all cut in to your time heavily."
  "My cat has scent issues. If anyone pets her, she has to give herself a bath immediately after."
  "I listen to audiobooks while biking, I highly recommend it. You'll probably end up smiling like an idiot when the book gets really good, so do it from safe distance from other human beings. Or just stare at them blankly like me. "
  "Learn how to cook **RAMEN**. It will save you money, help you eat healthier, and could become something that you really enjoy."
  "Most people make tea wrong, and buy terrible shitty [read: Lipton] tea to begin with. "
  "Yep, you just grind up some peanuts."
  "-5 and a hand ..."
  "I usually say something more descriptive, like \"sympathies\", \"condolences\", or \"pardon\". On a tangent, I also encourage people to avoid verbal chaff and phrases that have lost their meaning. Breaking the phrases makes people actually think about what you're saying. Compare \"have a good day\" and \"I hope something makes you smile today.\""
 [I would call this an exaggeration if I didn't see a 30 year old man riding a BMX bike like "Yes. The cop is hiding just out of sight on the cross street.
 [Here's one I saw some time ago."
  "Peeling a banana; you're actually supposed to peel it from opposite the stem"
  "My cat also comes when I call him.
  "My rabbit gets bored and won't let me sleep in. She'll let herself out of her cage, jump up on my bed then sniff my face until I stir. If I don't wake up then, she'll jump on my chest and start furiously digging. Also, she gets angry if you don't share your food with her and will jump/scratch/bite until she gets some.
  "I have defeated all the thugs in the mansion and rescued the two hostages using the chandelier but the notes (according to the map) are in an area sealed off by a security gate.
  "Tell that friend that you can absolutely go out on NYE...  if she pays. That will either shut her up, or if she really wants you there, she will pay. I've done it for friends who were short on cash when I had some extra cash before."
  "That is how people assemble the world.
  "Can someone give you gold ?"
 Cliffhanger - - 10 minutes in, I realized I didn't want to burn another two hours of my life on that stupid film."
  "...did you not read my comment about the difference between 2000 and 20,000,000 earlier? This is a thing a lot of people don't really understand: poor people often make sub-optimal choices because the \"better\" options require more cash at one time--which they don't have. I read an illustration of this point that goes like this: Two men need to buy new boots. The rich man buys Brand A, which cost 150 bucks and are guaranteed to last 5 years. The poor man buys Brand B, which only cost 50 bucks, but have to be replaced every year. If we had a public health system where the person could get abortions for free (or very nearly free) then you'd have an argument.  "
 Just make me Superman.
  "I hate it when guys try to show off/act alpha.
  "\"Girl, lemme get at that ass and tear it apart\""
  "I think it stems from \"could've\" because it sounds just like \"could of\". "
  "Since I've learned this, watching some people chopping with their fingers out is like watching a horror movie with crazy tension waiting for the gory bit."
  "I begin every sentence with an epology, sorry that's the case that's just British policy."
 Even saw a female or 2 in the crowd."
  "Even as an atheist, St  Jude will always get my money.
 Always gets me downvotes."
 Plus there are some memories I really cherish and would hate for them to fade over time. "
 Hope you feel better!"
 I have to wear cargo pants.
  "area pothead will tell you what the real crime is"
  "Engineering issue though, that can be solved over time. Before you know it you'll just put your shit in a cart and it'll get scanned automatically. When you get to the cash register everything is already tallied and you just need to bag it. "
  "I finally saw my girlfriend and spent some time with her getting coffee at our favorite cafe. I'm gonna go watch the ball drop in New York City on TV with family soon!"
 the arab came closer and closer while talking to him, which apparently resulted in him, unknowingly, moving closer to the edge of the building until he fell.
 Lied about my age and ending up getting my first (awkward and terribly misaligned) tongue kiss with a fourteen year old brace face that I never saw again. Time to post a craigslist Missed Connection...."
 Fuck it, you should make more doing that and fucking up the lemonade and not being add to do the basic math to provide customers change as the guy working 90 hours at a start up. People are saying that its \"unfair\" that they might have to live at home because they decided to not purse any skills or talents but they want to drive a new  car, have their own place, eat wherever whenever and, oh yeah, only work at maximum of 40 hours.   "
 I respect that you have a right to do what you want.
  "I was never forced to drink or do drugs or anything physical, but went through a few grill sessions (mentally tense if anything). We had to do some hard work and get he stuff off our checklist we needed to cross, but I was never physically harmed. There was a certain point in the process where you knew the guys too well and that they would never put you in any real harm, just the sense of it.
  "Don't you think that even if they can only be presented as food additives/spices/whatever their grip on the mind of people who for whatever reason do not trust doctors/medicine will be unaffected? Besides, homeopathy's harm isn't in their \"medicine\" but in the continuation of anti-scientific thinking, and the avoidance of proper medicine, check a few of these stories:    "Shannyn Sossamon. Guys are all like \"Ryan Reynolds is so hot, I'd go gay for him.\" But let's be honest here. Ryan isn't someone who you take home to mom and dad.
  "Which then in turn boosts the birth-rates.
  "I meant to say eve, I just brain farted. "
  "Yeah I did see some nice ones :) However, I saw some theories in serious need of spoiler tags for potential show watchers/new book readers, and felt it needed a warning."
 i want to show him how much i love him, the rest of my life."
  "no tip 0/10"
 As another user mentioned, it at the very least seems like breach of contract. If you don't want monogamy, don't get married. Want a different partner, separate properly."
 lol I've met people within the tattoo community who have a really negative response when someone says \"gun\" in place of \"machine\".
 MAYBE 1 in 100, but if you try it, you just get glares from the standing people who you are trying to push past when you rub against their purses/brief cases/what have you.
  "i'm cool with not being here anymore"
 People who won't try new things because they're new. "
  "It begs the "Don't get married too early."
 You basically can't eat them in a social setting without feeling rude."
 If there are mitigating circumstances, they can be dealt with later. It can be extremely liberating to admit \"I have behaved badly and it has caused me shame\".
 Economy is a system established to make commerce, trade, manufacture and services functioning between two people of a society/community. To the degree that we now worship Economy as some kind of a god and its edicts as holy and immovable as laws of physics. You can justify ANYTHING using the economic sledgehammers. Likewise, if we dont kill ourselves, there will be time where people like you, justifying why people should starve and die of treatable medical conditions because of profit and loss curves will be looked upon with the same horror as a Southern Cotton Picker arguing for slave labour and profitablitiy. It is a right, and the fact that it is even considered like some kind of economic abstraction is a beautiful demonstration why greed and corruption has taken over American politics in dictating progress. There is a reason why liberals are called progressives and conservatives are called ... well lets leave the name calling for another thread. If it was not for commie/pinko/socialist/liberal scum, we would still be sitting waist deep is sewage feeding children into the grinders of 'industry' for the few to make profits. As it is we are not far from it, and rhetoric like yours is part of the problem. I cant believe you got 4 reddit golds, makes me sad."
 Here we drive on the left, so its keep left unless overtaking. Same goes for when on foot, although there are still people that don't get this, which always makes me wonder how they managed to drive to the place they are now blocking up without dying."
 A lot of the sensation you get from penetration happens at the entrance and the first few inches. Anything beyond five inches or so isn't likely to improve matters. Too long and it's more likely to mash your cervix and that can really hurt. It's worth noting that the cervix pulls up a bit and the vagina gets a little longer when you're turned on, as well as muscles relaxing and lubrication happening. A small, tight vagina is a strong sign that someone isn't having much fun."
 It's always like nails on the chalkboard to me. "
  "Other humans that we can breed with"
 This is what people are not understanding with this \"I do well cause I work hard!\" shit. Someone's parents can't afford to pay for college, or trade school, so they have no higher skills to enter the job market with. Then they get a shit-paying job and have no time or money to go to school, even if they want to. Their only experience is in entry level work. OK, I think OPs argument isn't that companies should want to pay a living wage. It's that we as citizens should demand that everyone get a living wage, or at least the means to live out of poverty.
  "I like [\"Hillary Clinton Threatened By Black "Last Airbender"
 You allow yourself to get caught attempting a simple lie. You make it seem like you start stumbling over words, can't keep eye contact, etc... when you are trying to lie, so that the target thinks you are totally inept at lying and they can \"always tell when you are lying\". The target, believing this is an impossible feat for you unless you are being entirely honest, will believe whatever you say. The absolute best way to do this if you struggle with it is simply to create false memories. Basically follow Kramer's advice to George in Seinfeld... if you really believe something, a lie detector can't detect you lying. The fact of the matter is that most people don't have the resources to check most of your lies. You actually get to manufacture the truth.
  "People worship other people that aren't even from America! Please make it stop."
 I cook my own meals from monday through friday. But I don't even get to taste them on their prime because I have to carry them on plastic tuppers and microwave them at work. Even if I cooked a masterpiece I wouldn't be able to truly enjoy it. I just want to relax and try different restaurants, not worrying about complex grocery lists or doing the dishes."
  "I don't blame people for being ignorant about any particular psychiatric disorder, that's equivalent to expecting them to be familiar with all of them, but I think a general guideline should be \"don't assume you know what it is and how it works unless you've actually studied it (and even then it's sometimes a bit hit-and-miss)\"."
  "I'd totally sign up to have my mind wiped right about now."
  "On a cab ride home after the bar one night, a good buddy of mine was already passed out in between two of us in the back seat. Copper Head Road by Steve Earle was playing on the radio and he awoke just in time to sing aloud \"copper head road!\"...and then pass right back out. "
  "I don't care if you get engaged, will the parents be upset?
  "My dog is an 11 kilo Shetland sheepdog, only 7 months old, but he's like a little guard dog. He's constantly alert and has to sniff EVERYTHING new. When he was a puppy, he used to sniff my legs for a while after I got out of the shower, just in case they were a bomb or something. If anyone drops anything, especially if it is quite loud when it hits the floor, he's straight over there growling. He also growls if he can see someone come too close to the house, and is currently barking at the fireworks he can hear. He loves most people once he finds out they're not a serial killer, but absolutely hates my grandad, constantly barking at him. Oh, and he tried to shag a feather duster once. "
  "I'd \"celebrate\" Hitler day if it got me out of work / school."
  "*neckbeard tips it's fedora, strokes fedora's neckbeard*"
  "My pet plays fetch and will \"shake hands\" if I ask him to.
  "You can have my love. *insert creeping face here*"
  "Well, Disney is goona be releasing this new movie soon, star wars, or something like that.
  "Never let anyone else down or hurt someone else's feelings."
  "this is why I love reddit, for great comments like this."
  "/u/ProudTurtle misses /u/projectedwinner, naww!"
  "People needing to know if they're pregnant or not can just take a pregnancy test or get something in the mail."
 The rules are, if 7 urinals, 1 occupied, you don't stand next to the lone person peeing. No eye contact. If there is a pair already peeing and you can't pee by yourself make it 3, rather than make another pair.
 I think some people eat them as dares. Apparently they taste horrible."
  "[(CLASSIFIED) Bill Defends Against Flesh-Eating "Mentioning that there are people that believe vaccinations cause autism will gain you loads of karma no matter how many times it's mentioned. "
  "My spouse saw me watching that and said, \"At least he's not wearing roller skates\". "
  "If you don't mind me asking, how do you feel you make enough money for your career? Also, was it hard to find a job? I've heard that linguistics doesn't have the best job outlook which is saddening because its something that I find fascinating.
  "I personally believe a full time job should be able to pay for the bare essentials, living, food, insurance etc, most jobs do not. I live in Bergen County, one of the richest areas in the US, (Alpine is here which is the 6th richest town) I work a full time job 75cents over minimum wage, get 45 hours a week with 12 dollars an hour for that 5 hours of overtime. I can't afford to get a place of my own, I can barely afford my deductibles on health insurance and all that jazz, school money is also a pain, heavily in debt.
  " i'm gonna get sued   Hello fellow white person."
 With the Doctor, you break your arm and you can either let it heal, or regenerate and then you need to get new ID's and everything. Having everything from bullet-wounds to papercuts heal nearly instantly would be the tits. "
  "[Probably something "I've always been fond of [Puff the Magic this tattoo is pretty are two really amazing upper-arm tattoos. I don't know any of these people but their work is so amazing that I've had them saved for a while!"
 The colour blue is the flagship of the oceans, the sky and the most beautiful eyes on earth.  "
 *Should* every full time job should present a liveable wage? That's something I'll leave others to debate. Whether or not every job *should* pay a \"liveable\" wage is not the kind of question that has a black-and-white, demonstrably correct answer. The fact is that in a capitalistic economy, not every job *CAN* provide a \"liveable\" wage. The fast food workers who want to double the minimum wage, for example, don't appear to understand that that wouldn't do them (as a class) any good. I'd like to believe that most people would love it if employers could somehow pay every person in America a \"liveable\" wage.
  "It works, even with really young children. It works *especially* with really young children. Little kids learn from reward and punishment. Don't feel bad if \"teaching\" your kid at that age is really \"training\" your kid. Many people who train puppies know that you have to catch bad behavior as it happens. If you see something 10 minutes later, it's already probably too late to act on it. As they get older, it changes, but as a very little kid, it should be immediate reward  punishment. I used reward and punishment all the time when my 4 year old was one and two. A time out, or we leave immediately. If the behavior was dangerous (like grabbing at a light socket), it might get a slap on the hand the second time. The younger he was, the more immediate the reward was. Sometimes, just praise and/or cheering for them is reward enough. Sometimes, I used food (but some experts warn against food as a reward in many circumstances). "
  "Whip out your junk, slap her in the face, and walk away with your dangler hanging out.
 Around ten years later, my dad flew down to visit, met my mom(Who, coincidentally, worked at the same place as my uncle) and decided to stay.
  "But all those catchy nicknames your best friend gives you while you're out solving crimes really takes the edge off if being a super-sniffer, right Gus?"
 It's against the law to drive a car without a seatbelt, but put somebody on a relatively much more dangerous vehicle and suddenly seatbelts aren't deemed necessary?
  "Then wouldn't wages rise with all the people not having to work this low-paying jobs?"
  "I can only read that with a thick Texas(?)
  "No it hasn't, it's been raised 3 times in the last 10 has been raised 10~ times within a 30 year period, and this doesn't even includes the increases that individual states set. * Never let the muzzle cover anything you are not willing to destroy. * Keep your finger off the trigger until your sights are on the target.
  "I'd like to not jail.
  "* \"Drink too much ale, go to jail.\" * \"Drink too much wine, pay the fine.\" * \"Drink too much whiskey, driving is risky.\" * \"Drink too much beer, lose your license for a year.\" * \"Drink too much nog, spend the night in the bog.\""
 On top of being expensive, they fucking eat your stomach.
  "Should have bitten her really hard and then slap her with your penis. "
  "I don't need your permission to take your love. I will simply take it."
 I once read an article about music stores and how they can survive and it seems pretty similar. Basically they have to turn into social centers where people can try things out, drink coffee and get free internet access. If libraries did free ebooks that you could go and sit and read, maybe things like free courses similar to Lynda.com then they have a chance of still being relevant In a digital age."
  "Just go \"God I hope not\" and try not to think about it."
  "Well make them synthesise best at 37.5.
 You can often get a mediocre smartphone for free with a new contract.
 In general, the harder you work the more successful you'll be at your given career path. You might be able to get away with writing a few scripts to do your job for you if you're a low level IT monkey and don't have much ambition, but being proactive will get you far more promotions, raises, and success. I don't know about you, but I'd rather work a 40 hour work week making a six figure salary than a 40 hour work week making mid-five figures."
  "It's fitting when you look at some of the stuff they promote and say.
  "I cant find it.
  "Suckerpunch...I left after I woke up to see Vanessa Hudgens trying to act. "
 PD only works if the firm has market power and can avoid arbitrage. That may work locally in isolated cases or industries, but we shouldn't be teaching that as doctrine."
  "I tried to take one but he is freaked out about the fireworks and he won't come out from under the covers right now. [This is the little guy with his catnip play mat "Not me, but one of my friends have stolen over 5000 dollars in online currency from Apple."
 They have free online classes. Once you learn the material, one of your local technical colleges should offer the certification test. "
 Riku IV can go choke on hippo cock and die. "
  "I just wanna use ur love "
 Probably my pick for the worst movie of 2013."
  "If you can't pay your bills with the job you have, it's time to either reduce your bills by eliminating non-essential shit from your life or find a better job. I have no empathy for people who put themselves into shitty life situations. The world makes no promise that everyone will be above the poverty line. Get a place with a roommate or two, get a 7-Eleven prepaid phone and use it for essentials only, sell your car and buy a bicycle. If you don't like it, better yourself so you can be more desirable to employers and contribute more to society. Don't try telling me minimum wage isn't livable. Fast food restaurants around here are packed with Filipinos who manage to send money home to their families every month on their minimum-wage incomes."
 But no matter what the answer is still zero."
 We knew we would keep the baby, never a doubt in our minds, so atleast that one we will be able to tackle."
  "Last year, I bought a thing of that shitty mio energy stuff to try it out, but soon decided that it was not healthy for me. The plan was that I was going to squirt it on my hands and wrists to scare my friends shitless that I had been stabbed. Unfortunately for me, I had applied WAY too much and it looked like I had all of my arteries cut on my arms. When I was walking up the stairs to where my friends were located, it started to drip onto the floor. I didn't make a big deal out of it and I kept walking. When I got to the top and stumbled onto one of my friends it scared the living shit out of them and one of them was about to get the nurse. I had completely forgot about all of it that dropped onto the stairs, but was soon reminded when one of the interesting teachers/wrestling coach sees it and calls the principle. They then close the stairs and make a huge thing out of it and ask everyone around if they knew what had happened. They then come to my group of friends and, luckily I see them and book it before hey noticed me. I stop into the closest bathroom so I can wash the stuff off. I soon realize that the dye had stained my arms and I was unable to remove it. I had to spend the rest of the day with my arms covered like an abused child, so that no teacher would see the blotches of red dye. Luckily, none of my friends told on me so I didn't receive an ounce of punishment.
 I was 12 and also in North Carolina on Y2K and also evidently had this tab open for three days before posting...  What are the fucking chances?!!?!?!"
  "I'm 1) an American 2) a player in the 'dream' 3) a volunteer for rescue missions and food pantries. Sorry to burst your bubble and offend your senses but if you thought the American dream was real you are naive or delusional. So here I am, I have gone from being a child of a single-parent on food stamps, to receiving a full academic scholarship during undergrad but still having to work to pay for the rest of life (rent, food, gas, car insurance, phone, etc.) and take out loans and earn fellowships to continue onto graduate school. And even as an individual in a STEM field there are a pittance of jobs and very little funding. The Race to the Top bullcrap has cheapened the bachelor's degree to the point that a Master's or Doctorate isn't even enough. If they have a child dependent they have an on-going referral so they get monthly access indefinitely until the child turns 18. I guess we can just assume that they don't want anything better for themselves, or they'd just go get an education and move up in the world, right? Some of them don't have transportation, some are disabled, some are elderly...but all they have to do is just sign up for some courses and work really hard and they, too, can end up with a PhD and no job.
  "Is there a set number of followers you would need?"
  "Here's where the issue of whether minimum wage should be a federal or city/state concern.
  "One person can live off $20k.
  "Those basic-ass phones though.."
  "Why else would an adult work full-time in a retail job? Bad life choices and a refusal to improve themselves. The fact of the matter is that the jobs that are available to most of the work force are service jobs. The problem is that people aren't willing to improve themselves. People work these jobs to afford homes, food, vehicles and comfort.
  "You should only need to run the tap for 2-3 seconds after a new keg is put on. Worked in a bar for 3 Years, only ever ran the tap on a new keg.
 Fast food/grocery stores would be paying less in wages, and could charge less for food. The utopia of people all making the same amount of money regardless of how much value they provide to their employer is a pipe dream. With better education, Americans would be in a better position to compete for jobs in the global economy. That's a real lchange that would make a difference, and not a band-aid like raising the minimum wage."
  "I have a greyhound that has a little spot on his ear that if you scratch just right, will make him let out this long, satisfied doggy moan. Drives my girlfriend crazy that she can never find the spot on him."
 They seem like death traps. At least in a car there is some kind of solid protection surrounding you in case of an accident. Plus the way people tend to drive motorcycles (excessive speed, between other cars) seems likely to ensure death. "
  "Your points are all anecdotal as well but it seems not even backed up by real life experience or any kind of reasoning. As some one that currently manages HS and adult employees and has been doing so for the past ten years I gave you numerous reasons why HS workers are NOT as good as adult workers and guess what, they are even LESS responsive to pay then adult workers.
  "Poverty line is a moving target. If everyone makes $30k/yr or more, poverty line will be about 25k for an individual. "
 60 hrs a week means you spend your entire day working and nothing else save for the 2 days off. You definitely sound like someone that's never had to actually work that sort of set up but even work 50 hrs a week, 2 weeks in a row is soul draining and leaves you miserable. I admire and pity the folks that have to do that to survive and sustain a family."
  "Initially I was actually buying some books in order to read about ways to improve recruitment and how to get new brothers in more effective ways for my fraternity. But the books that I was reading also turned out to be good self help books for how to improve your own personality, and through that reading I realized I had a lot of unnecessary insecurities and that there were some issues with the way I was treating people because of that. Reading can do great things!"
  "Isn't it ironic that your parents probably withheld apologies because they thought it would undermine your respect for them, when in fact, it does absolutely the opposite? "
 If we ever try to move she just starts meowing at us and glaring at us and tries to stay in her spot. But one cool thing that's been happening lately is she'll come up to the couch, preparing to jump where my boyfriend and I are sitting and I can say to her \"hey, I'm trying to cuddle with my boyfriend, can you leave us alone for a few?\" and she seems to get the message and walks away."
  "My family decided to get me drunk (to teach me a  that it's better to get drunk around family than out at parties with friends and strangers) and I ended up calling my neighbor a whore and telling her cousin that he was very fuckable."
  "This - [Low-Wage Employers Have Fought Hard to Keep Their Workers "How do you get into programming for money as a hobby?"
  "Japanese, because I've been attempting to learn Japanese for about six months and I still don't know anything beyond a few phrases. "
  "My father and law single-finger types (very quickly) with just his middle fingers.
  "They're in separate tanks; we have three.
 I do wonder how it will work out with my friends since most of them are heavy drinkers. But hopefully they will be as understanding as yours :) I did go to one AA meeting and I was more put off by all the religious stuff. That's kinda why I wanted to reach out on Reddit.
  "I'm Canadian and even I would've fingered her.
 Why the fuck are these clearly damaging drugs legal and the least damaging drug illegal? "
  "As a Canadian, I can't help but feel apathetic to this.
 Although I do type very fast, I just type in an unorthodox fashion.
  "If there's hair, it's not possible to always wipe completely without using a whole roll every time."
  "I'm not going to change how deeply I care for other people, even if it gets me hurt. "
  " It's kind of like how Christians used to say that belief in evolution meant you would become a \"survival of the fittest\" heartless murderer, as if acknowledgement of a scientific reality meant that we must all behave purely according to its tenets.
  "[Shannyn "A dog, tennis ball, and sun tan lotion.
 I feel like Latin/greek based languages are more accessible because of their origins, so I would want to learn a distant language so that I can feel much more connected with the other side of the world and over a billion people."
  "Thanks and enjoy your gold."
  "My cup holder in my truck will dump my coffee on turns, so this is my drive in every morning."
  "Don't stick your dick in crazy."
  "If she cheated with you, she will cheat on you."
  "If u look that's not his name"
 I could understand if they are being inconsiderate to their passengers, but I've never heard of anyone who would look down on someone essentially using music to drown out the rest of the world and relax."
 Follow this assclown as he makes a loop around the town, going through every goddamn restricted zone and stopping every five minutes, then eavesdrop on him.
 I can fall asleep within 5 minutes pretty much anywhere. On the other hand I often turn my alarm off without getting up. "
  "Except that if companies are already making money hand over fist then there are two thing that can give: how low the living wage is, or how high the executive board's pay is."
 I think it's hilarious when somebody in the same division as me (in LoL) calls me a nerd.
  "Perhaps everyone on the board simply sees his/her self as a \"temporarily embarrassed CEO\" and hope to get into that position someday. I believe that the US is the only place where CEO's make that much more than the average worker in the country. Looking at this I'm actually quite surprised to see the Canadian ratio is around 200.
  "I live in New Jersey and make minimum wage mostly by choise. I am 21 and not in school anymore because I have not been able to find a career that I won't be happy with in 5 years. I agree wholeheartedly that minimum wage should just get you by. I am lucky enough to have a car and roof from my parents because I hardly afford to feed my self. It can't provide any form of an abode and also provide the means for a healthy diet. But that is what I think it should only give you. Healthy food, from the food store not eating out, a small room that just fits a bed and a book shelf with a small dresser and the ability to buy new clothes. But that just isn't possible, America has really fucked up with its care for it citizens, so much that I don't see why many are such hard core patriots."
  "I don't think they're saying they don't deserve a livable wage - I think they're saying the skills necessary to work at McDonalds aren't worth $15.
  "His parents will be. He has a brother who had a kid about the same age and they didn't react well. We're just trying to make it positive."
  "more of the exact same, tomorrow will just be another day."
 some people just find a way to make every sort of food loud to eat. "
  "Copenhagen You can see it in your smile. "
  "I read somewhere recently that \"aks\" was a legitimate pronunciation of \"ask\" for a significant period of English language history.
  "Mine would be how to murder a person, i found it on 4chan."
  "op is actually a man which only makes this hotter"
 She looked like she had tiger stripes near her ears because she didn't blend well enough. I never knew how to bring it up though as we weren't friends or even friendly aquaintances, but it always made me feel bad for her because it looked atrocious. "
  "Peanut butter in shag carpet, man. "
 If she's feeling sick she runs inside to tell me with that same funny meow, then throws up."
  "Let's move towards more freedom, not less"
  "I would be interested to see some of the \"huge coroprate profits\" i have always heard about restated per-employee-making-less-than-some-amount rather than a single total. A billion sounds huge until it's divided by a million."
  "What is one thing about yourself you won't change in 2014?"
  "I don't want to sound like a hippie but that doesn't seem too bad. I'm not much of a materialist, or so I'd like to think. But your point also supports my other point. If there is indeed not enough wealth to go around, then science is the only way to create more wealth/a better quality of living."
  "Interesting but doesn't it cost quite a bit of money to even attempt turning a profit?"
  "Apparently Korean is one of the hardest possible languages to learn for a native English speaker."
  "Then/Than is my personal pet peeve, and is extremely common, even among my \"well educated\" circle of friends.
 She just has this pitch that makes her sound really young.
  "Now if you had the entering car then proceed to try and push the exiting car out the back of the space it would be a perfect analogy. "
  "Can you smell petrol?"
  "That isn't anything remotely like what \"falling in love\" actually is. "
  "I attempted to steal from a thrift store while on an ativan binge. Had the people bag up like 4 bags of stuff and tried skipping the paying part by grabbing the bags and trying to walk out with them. "
 For me, take your comment and flip hockey and football players around. "
  "Whenever I present an object with many different colors to my cat he freaks out, as if on acid. Whenever I toss said object to him he'll go OH GOD WHAT mode and jumps a good foot in the air. I have a feeling he can see more colors than other cats, hence his behavior."
  "Disabilities make people expect *more,* not less."
 i  think there is a lot more that plays into it than just watching TV or using technology for its instant gratification."
  "Good point but hopefully my cool powers would make up for that. "
 Someone that doesn't like overly attached people will like you. Plus I've heard that autistic people make really loyal, strong friends when you actually do get close to them."
  "The fact is that in a capitalistic economy, not every job CAN provide a \"liveable\" wage. The fast food workers who want to double the minimum wage, for example, don't appear to understand that that wouldn't do them (as a class) any good. What makes you think this is a fact?
  "If you can change it, change it. Worrying will get you nowhere, so don't.
  "I've heard that Steinbeck quote before, I like it. For the record, I DO support a minimum wage increase, but I live in an area with plenty of people that don't, and that's the argument they make. That makes it sound like they've been duped or aren't smart enough to understand their positions; that might be true in some cases, but it's a dangerous generalization to say that people disagree with you only because they don't know any better (if that *is* actually what you're saying). "
  "I did this during a game of hide and seek in the dark once. Pretended I was a bin bag for an hour, then used the black cape I was using as a bin bag to pretend to be a hanging coat in a room they already checked, would recommend. "
 but they do the head tilt thing."
  "No problem C: listen to music XD that's what always help. "
  "I am at home with my parents because I did not feel like driving 7+ hours hungover on New Year's Day so I can be in a third location to work on the 2nd."
 Work your way up to the mid range stuff, like \"I have clearly fucked this up\" Then you can get to the big guns!"
  "SO and I met on line 17 years and one week ago.
  "It will be the same."
  "Where I live, when the power goes out, the lights go black. And I see people treat them like they aren't there. To be fair, at night they can be really hard to see. But still, just because you're on the \"busier\" road doesn't mean you get to ignore the lights."
 Bettas can be assholes, I'm with you on that one!"
  "I still don't get it. All that work for 7 seconds of video."
  "I bought the Moby wrap and he LOVES it when he is in the mood to snuggle. I just put it on and pull the top open and he crawls right in and makes himself comfortable. He goes to sleep in it 99% of the time and is just as happy as he can be. I forgot I was wearing it once and answered the door and the tiny little German lady who came to read my water meter almost passed out from shock when Critterbug stuck his head out of the wrap to see who was visiting."
 In my town you would probably see four people at a four way stop sign with smiles on their faces looking from driver to driver, waving with their hand, insisting that another person go even if by law it was their turn. I think this type of driving is dangerous, not nice."
  "They can work in the summer, and after school. Maybe not full-time while taking classes, but certainly most students are not worth $15/hr and the job market for the would dry up if that was the case. And if they drop out of high school, they deserve nothing... if they don't care enough about their own life to work hard to make themselves valuable, then why should I? But the vast majority do not, and they don't deserve to have me forced to give them my money."
  "You can use me whatever way you'd like..."
  "Yeah, some people don't even account for yaw or solar allignment in their measurements. "
  "One time I walked up to a girl at a party and because I wanted to get laid I thought it would be a great idea to say that my friendthought she was her boyfriend was right there and was huge.
  "Its original intent was to find a job based on personality type, but businesses use their own variations to wrongfully dismiss applicants based on personality.
  "That's all good and all but it doesn't mean that having a vaginal delivery permanently stretches anything. (the assumption being that you will progress more slowly and need to labor for longer)  Is this before the cervix is fully dilated? So maybe the cervix dilates quicker for second pregnancies and so on, but it absolutely holds shut just as it did for the first during the pregnancy.
  "Dang it you stole mine ;_; it is a very good song though"
  "I personally don't see how you could NOT need an ID to vote.
  "After the release of Licence to Kill in 1989, the James Bond film series got bogged down in various legal disputes that led to a six-year period during which no movies were released. Then, in 1995, GoldenEye starring Pierce Brosnan hit theatres. IIRC, was the first promotional poster for GoldenEye released in theatres. For comparison, is the official theatrical release poster with Brosnan and his Bond girls, played by Izabella Scorupco (left) and Famke Janssen (right)."
 It does house some fact and law but it's mostly opinion based. A lot of outdated articles and pages too. There are way too many differentiating opinions to even try to get a small piece of advice or fact. "
  "It's almost as nice as having someone listen to your advice!"
  "Do not hurt anyone out of revenge OR Leave a 1 urinal buffer zone. "
  "I hate it.
 I have to watch peoples mouths to understand what they are saying. And if you start talking, and look away from me, I only heard the first half of what you said."
  "One zhevra out of 30 will have hooves. Any zhevra with hooves will have exactly 1."
 It would be great to send those people to you. "
  "I would hope when I get a SO, they won't share a used tampon with me.
  "Stank pussy smellin' like Cool Ranch Doritos.  "
  "Gf's little sister got the boot after I explicitly explained how she was not to flush any tamps. Went to take a morning pee and there's a tamp floating away in my throne bowl."
 What was your poison that night?"
  "I wonder if OP meant pill laxatives or like milk of magnesia and other liquid laxatives "
 Most of the cash I can spend goes towards guitar gear and other music stuff..."
 Grinds my gears like none other."
 Seriously, most of the health care problems (ridiculously inflated bills, inability to figure out what anything will cost, absurd hoops to get needed care because doctors won't do any until the insurance company says yes, etc) come directly from insurance. If nobody had it, the costs of medical care would need to be more in line/with the costs (so no more $16 ibuprofen or $250 saline bags when the real costs of those items are pennies)."
  "Chloroform, you will wake up with a sore ass though, atleast in my experience."
  "I do it purposely to help the weak build up resistances to pathogens."
  "It goes along with dismantling the rest of the welfare state, so probably a great deal more efficient. If someone is over the age of 18 they get a check, have a claw back on the tax return for high income earners, done. No drug tests, no reporting hours, no proving that you are looking for work, no paperwork.
  "I am determined that it will not be for me. Whatever the future holds for you Internet stranger, I hope it is good.
  "You accept what you think you deserve. Not just love, but in work  relationships, friendships, and life in general. "
  "How does that work with other locations/nouns? I checked wikipedia and it almost sounds like a Zero Article but that is typically used in plurals and mass nouns.  "
 Used my miles to get business class to make it easier for the 10 hour flight with our son. They offered a full economy row per business seat and offered to refund the price difference. the full row was even better than a business seat so all was good. when the door opens 6 police come aboard and arrest him. The line started at the door of the plane. when we get to the CBP Officer he turns around and discusses his weekend plans with his buddy for 15! minutes while i am still carrying a kid in my arm ... he then turns around and stamps our passports without a single word ... (but you cant say anything and just have to smile or you will spend another couple of hours at immigration)  Another: This one many many years back from Orlando to New York. It was a time before 9/11 and pilots would often leave the cockpit door open at all times (even taxi, take off and landing). We get to the runway and when we started to accelerate an alarm in the cockpit goes off. The Pilot explains that a mechanic had to check it out and so he did. We went back for take off attempt no 2 and the same thing happens. We go back to the terminal and the mechanic checks out the engine - again. He then comes aboard and tells the captain: \"I really can't find the issue. would it be ok with you if I just took out the fuse for the warning system?\" I thought no way in hell but the pilot said ok. We took off and made it without a problem but I had a really uneasy feeling the hole time.
 Obviously he seems like a pretty good dad, but it's rare that 17 year old guys are ready in maturity for the life of another human being.
  "Huh, it seems the only 14 year old here is you, as at least I back up my post with a few sources and don't act like a mental midget. Do you take antibiotics before you get sick?
  "I've got a first edition of Old Mr Boston Bartending Guide (printed in 1935) and am planning on mixing random drinks from it."
  "Without doing any research, I feel the answer is in the implied maturity and skill set required for a job. It's the *idea* that certain jobs aren't for adults that allows society to accept the fact that people working those jobs don't get paid like adults should get paid; fast-food, huge retail chains, servers in chain eateries, etc. If someone has qualifications, they should be able to find a better job, that's the standard thinking. "
  "A kiln, glassworking tools, sheet glass, lead cutters and shapers, soldering irons, glass cement, drills. I'm sure there's websites all about how to get into the hobby."
 I have never dug a ditch or picked lettuce and am so grateful to those that do I would happily pay huge taxes to subsidize their welfare, educate their kids and give them access to free (or affordable) healthcare. Also, Foo Fighters are a mediocre band riding on the coattails of the truly great Nirvana, much like the wealthy ride the coattails of their parents who were the actual wealth \"earners\"."
  "Any suggested sources to check out?"
  "All full time jobs offer a \"livable wage\". Now, I couldn't really have supported a child on that, or bought a house or made any other serious investments, but most of the people clamouring for change are those with low-paying jobs who also want to raise a family of four.
  "The rising tide lifts all ships? The point of a minimum wage is to raise the level of the playing field. The market will adjust, like it has every other time minimum wage has risen. When I started there in 2008, we were hiring at $8.00/hr and I couldn't find or keep ANY quality people. I get better applicants, turnover is down, and profits are way up. Within a few years, people can make $12-$13/hr. But our competitors literally right down the street pay $9.00 and we have to stay competitive to stay afloat. I can't change the world..."
  "Be immensely thankful, gain perspective on everything, and keep a positive attitude. Find people to honestly comfort you just in case that all fails. "
  "I love me some Dickens."
 If you were to evenly divide up that money between them (and it's really not even) it's around 5 billion per person  ($5,000,000,000)  If you were to divide up the top 400 american's worth, and divide it among all 313.9 million americans, everyone would get a nice $7000 bonus  But I'm sure these are all very nice people who deserve their... total value that's higher than the GDP of russia and most countries... "
  "Mostly to get gold.
 I responded to what I interpreted as a discussion about how to get out of a 'living wage' situation rather than the definition of such a situation. Regardless, I'm not stuck on the line at all, actually. A series of lucky breaks over the past several years got me from 'stuck on the line without any viable routes up' to breaking in 2014 by breaking into the next tax bracket too. It wasn't all luck - Through training and family/friend connections, I was prepared to take advantage of those situations; then it took plenty of work to make something of them. I barely had the time, energy, or funds to make a couple of those jumps, even with them landing in my lap. Without those lucky breaks though, I'd still be pretty dead-ended and crossing my fingers for a CoL adjustment instead of crossing my fingers for a profitable company buy-out."
  "I work at a video store and once a guy decided he no longer wanted to rent a movie because there was a black actor in it. Direct quote \"I don't like Negroes\"  I just stared at him in amazement and disgust."
  "Icelander here trying to learn Japanese.
 I know personally I would have gotten a lot more out of it (hell, and maybe even succeeded the first attempt at it) if I'd been able to take a couple years off to work and experience the real world and get a better grip on what I really wanted out of life. "
  "A corpse is not a box mittens!"
  "I always called them \"teeth like piano keys\" "
 I doubt a cool looking sand castle would be at the top of my list of priorities at a moment like that. It's really cool that you and your SO have a relationship where you can do silly kid stuff like that, though!
 It seems like they're just trying to play it off as something that can't be helped and it's not their fault. Very annoying excuse  Edit: Not just sexy stuff, but stuff like going out, going to the gym etc"
  "And if this question can be better answered elsewhere, please, direct me to that subreddit."
  "My dog winks at me from time to time like he knows something I don't.
  "A tongue that can successfully remove all pieces of popcorn that get stuck in my gums."
  "Because nobody works weekends...  And yes, I've had an internship working usually 50-60 hours a week for 10 weeks.
  "Companies who pay a less then living wage claim they can't pay anything more then that, then explain why costco can do then there's the cost to tax payers for the low wage really the only benefit these companies are getting is increased short term profits.
  "I pulled up to a 7-way intersection right as the traffic lights decided to fail and flash red. ([This is the intersection in  Thankfully when I got there, there was only one other car there since it had just failed and I got through just fine, but I can't imagine what it would be like after a few minutes. How do you take turns on something like that?"
  "I like this.
 Thanks for the life points; I'll try not to spend them all at once!"
  "It's generally a bad idea to do so also, since it would require translating from one language to another to get to another language. There's a professor at my university that all the first year engineering students hate because he learned Arabic first, then French, and finally English using French. This means that all of his notes and his self written textbook makes no sense at all. "
 You best be the best damn swooner round these parts or I'll toss you aside for the next."
  "The people you're describing get tattoos done by scratchers. People who are getting tattoos because they like the art and are expressing themselves and their life journey go to highly qualified, talented, *clean* tattoos shops."
  "The less they pay you the more money they make. Then they bundle it with abortion and guns to get you to vote for it."
  "\"Twat-waffle\"  It's one of my favorite insults of all time"
  "We should get your husband and my wife together."
 If your playing an instrument, the cost of the instrument will vary from a hundred to maybe a thousand pounds, not including any tuition fees. If you're composing music, you can find free software, but the good stuff costs a lot of money too (for example FL Studio) Maybe you've just asked this question out of curiosity, but if you are genuinely looking to go down a path of action then I would suggest you're doing it the wrong way. Whilst, for example with musicians, many do earn some money off it, they usually see it as a bonus. If you need money, look for something that will give you money. If you need a interest, just look for something you're passionate about."
  "It turned out that my dad was pretty much just like me when he was younger, so that could be a big part of it."
  "Seriously, I mean you leave two teenagers who are dating along at home.
  "My dog will just stare at me while i'm sleeping, there's been tons of mornings where i wake up and the first thing i see is her staring right at me, Then as soon as i move she pounces on me and wants to play. She also does this thing where she stares from across the room and crouches down and looks as though she's stalking me.
  "It certainly makes being sad more bearable. "
  "Started a new job with a new company that pays almost twice what I was making in my last job."
 I had/still have a lot of respect for the man"
  "weird to me, but whatever floats you boat :)"
  "I've been waiting for this thread my whole life: [Iced "I came here to say this exact thing. They not only provide quality care for children, but they offer so many great support services for families as well. Not to mention that families who can't afford treatment in other areas can receive treatment through St. Jude without worrying about whether or not their child is receiving sub-par care."
  "Dont scream out in shock at what people will wear in public"
  "Like conversion from diesel fuel to French-fry oil cars. "
  "Did you ever ask for a raise before you quit? Its surprising how few people ask for raises and just expect the company to give them to them..."
  "I used to hate you til now"
 To wit, if I own a multimillion dollar house but don't have cash to buy groceries, I am a starving millionaire, so-called poor rich. Most of my investments are long-term, tax efficient, and locked up, so the earnings are steady but the liquidity and maintenance is low. The rest is liquid on hand, or in high risk / fun stuff, that won't kill me if it all goes to naught. But might just get me Bentleys and Benjamins. "
 im not sure if i feel the same way about bran and the dragons though. it could be a possibly as anything can be in the series."
  "I don't like Obama, and I'm a republican (when I'm not a libertarian), but I am repulsed at the thought of Romney being president.
 I say okay you know what it's 10 am lets go get a drink and watch some Mexicans hit some touchdowns.\""
  "It's not even a real thing, the \"game\" aspect at least."
  "Great explanation and I do hope others read this before replying.
  "So your argument is that if I work a burger flipping job 40 hours a week I should earn a living wage?
  "Flier - as soon as situations get bad/uncomfortable I am out of there. Only started noticing it once my SO mentioned it and now I see myself do it often."
  "Also you stand in the elevator like the dots on die. "
  "Because he is lazy, ineffective, uneducated, disrespectful, and would rather see me be in the same position for the rest of my life, then succeed because it would make his job more difficult."
  "That sounds more like a job....."
 Whenever we get cancer, a cold coming on, broken/fractured bones, slight pull in muscles, etc  out body should tell us right away. This way we always catch diseases early and know if our muscles or bones are getting weak and we can do what is needed to repair them. "
 I actually think the 60 vote rule is fine, because really what it is is a vote to vote (put another way, a vote to end the filibuster), not a vote on the bill/issue itself. Unfortunately, between corruption of the system through partisan politics and corruption of the representatives themselves through crony capitalism, all that seems to matter any more is what team you play for and who is putting the most money in your pocket. It almost makes me want to support the Tea Party just because they actually will take on the GOP from time to time... but then I realize they are often enough even worse than the GOP. I would like to note for the record, I don't believe every single representative (little \"r\" is intentional, I don't just mean the House) is corrupt, and I don't believe the system is inherently corrupt. I do think we as a society have done a decent job of mucking things up (or at least letting it get mucked up). And in the absence of anything better (and I don't believe removing the filibuster is - and neither does any minority party, just ask the Dems of a few years ago) I don't see a reason to change the rule. Basically: change for change's sake is often not the best of ideas. And in this particular case, I think it was even worse because it wasn't just for the sake of change. It was a poorly thought out, self serving, short sighted change."
 Helped pay for my tuition.
  "To be fair, depending on where you come from, as a guy you're kinda taught that you should pay, hold doors open, etc. so when not given the chance to do so it feels shitty to not even be given the chance to show that you are a decent guy if that makes sense. Although I personally dont mind paying and will always offer, I would never get offended if a girl wanted to split the bill.
  "It's a boon to the family no matter what. Treat it like that."
  "Dad: Wear a condom, you don't want to get a girl pregnant  Me: *blinks*  Dad: *walks away*"
 I drive a Scottsdale, so I'm that asshole."
  "Nice, I got three in the top fifteen."
  "Fam- usually used to address close friends and or family members. Every time I see my mom or dad I'll say something along the lines of ayo FAM!
  "Wouldn't minimum wage itself increase inflation? If you increase the purchasing power of consumers wouldn't businesses increase the cost of products and services to recoup the additional costs of increasing wages? "
 The lens itself is going to run you 40 dollars for a replacement. Depending on the style and the mask. "
 I'm assuming that your argument is that it's a free market, and if people are unwilling to work for too low a wage then others will. Obviously most people wouldn't willing give away what they didn't have to...aaand that still doesn't make it acceptable. If you're starving, you'll eat what scraps you can get, does that mean you deserve to live on scraps just because you can \"scrape by\" on them?
 Are you saying that the idea of having a girlfriend puts you off?"
 jobs that used to be able to provide a stable comfortable life no longer do."
  "Be nice to people, have a passion and respectfully don't give a fuck about anything else"
 And the always great \"And How?\" Which means I agree in slang from like the 20's and 30's.   "
  "Can't you give them a second email address?
  "My dick and brain to work sufficiently at the same time."
  "I never understand why this one is always near the top of these threads. Is this book actually revered by adults or even critics? I read the first and just couldn't get into them."
  "No detailed links, but a simple search will bring up tons of gaming tournaments, fantasy football contests, and a search on a job website would bring graphic design jobs, and woodworking well, you make shit out of wood and sell it."
  "You honestly think that to earn a liveable wage, you need luck? It means your parents were more likely to be able to spend time with you, read to you at night and make sure you weren't falling into the wrong crowd. It means you were able to observe and learn from your parents working jobs with a livable wage. Essentially, it means you are starting the race of life 1000 feet ahead of someone from a lower SES. And this is just the middle class; I'm not even going to touch how much easier it is for someone with wealthy parents. Yes, hard work and \"making the right choices\" are obviously relevant and successful \"bootstrap\" stories exist. And then throw in the fact that American economy has changed since your parents and grandparents.
  "Although my intent is to never be a drinker, more and more I get the dreary sense that this will describe my future perfectly."
 You still need to be considered disabled by your primary care doctor in order to have either one.
  "Being front row at the Mumford and Sons concert. I know a lot of people on Reddit hate mumf, but they're my favorite band.
  "Thanks I'll look into that. "
  "A brain that doesn't spend much of its time looking around for some group of people to consider worthless and subhuman.
 College apps and the SAT to look forward to.
  "We need protection from brain related diseases. I accept death but I definitely don't want to lose my mind. "
 This is what the model wants, and expects. But the reason they keep it at $7 isn't because they're lobbying, its because people are taking the jobs at that price. If the companies thought no one would take the job at 7 dollars, then they'd increase it to 8,9,10 etc until they though they could hire people, and maximize revenue and profit. Companies, despite what they appear, aren't actually out to make sure theres suffering in the world, they're trying to maximize profit. So what can we do to make this better? If we decrease the supply of unskilled laborers, and increase the supply of people who deserve to make more than $7 an hour, then everyone is happier. For example, (lets use a tiny market for this example), say a donut stand worker turns into an engineer. The donut stand worker would've previously added a profit of $15 dollars an hour, and was thus paid 7 dollars. By converting the donut worker, the supply of unskilled labour decreases, and after the conversion all donut workers would earn more as compensation due to the lack of supply (in a small market hypothetical). So the way to increase the fair, living wage for every unskilled job isn't to impose a minimum wage binding price floor, its for the American work force to stay in school, work hard, and not dilute the unskilled labour market, and then complain about it after."
  "There was this really cool explanation of why this isn't such a bad thing. It said something along the lines of, \"would you rather have a charity that spends 100 dollars on advertising and donates 10,000 dollars, or one that spends 500,000 but donates 700,000\"."
  "I'd catch a grenade for you^asLongAsThePinIsStillInIt"
 They pay people what their work is worth to them, or don't hire people at all if the jobs can be automated for less money."
  "I really take issue with people saying that learning to cook has helped them \"eat healthier\". For some, it probably increases nutrient density and variety. But for most it would increase caloric intake. At some point the skill of the cook cannot make a food more delicious without adding more calories. Calories are largely what makes food taste good, so someone who is \"good at making food taste good\" (aka a cook) will make food with more calories. In learning to cook, certainly you will come across some cheats. Don't delude yourself into thinking that butter chicken curry is tasty solely because of the skill of the cook. It's a little bit of skill, and a lot of butter (or ghee I guess). Everything is relative, of course, so someone transitioning from Doritos and Nutella to home cooked meals will probably lose some weight. Just keep the benefits in perspective. There is no cooking technique that will make bacon healthy.  "
 There's a lot of systems in place to make sure you don't get cancer. But one cell in ten million or so gets through "
 I don't even know where to start."
  "You're thinking of value to society as an objective measure of what is good for society and what isn't. Let me rephrase: If the work in question isn't something society values, then they should be paid a wage that reflects that lack of value. Society doesn't value Wal-Mart greeters, so Wal-Mart is never put in a position where they have to pay any more than the bare minimum. Society does value doctors, and while they don't make CEO money, they still make good money. And to continue that line of thought, as much as society likes to bitch about them, society values those CEOs as well. Because they usually value whatever shit that CEO's company is making and selling. Because that average person doesn't give a shit about Tim. They want *Starbuck's* coffee, and thats why the person running the company will make more than Tim.    "
 I do drivers license renewals and no one over 80 gets more than a year from me. Too much can change in that time. I *could* give people 8 years, but I think that is unfair and unsafe."
  "I'm walking through a big forest and it's summer. The sunshine is filtering through the trees and it's absolutely *beautiful*. I look down at my arm, and I notice I'm wearing a gray t-shirt, but not only that. I keep walking, and I walk to a cliff. And it really looks like a hotel in like Spain or something? There is big blue pools, and people swimming and having a blast in them.  "
  "I don't cook because cooking makes me angry.
  "It won't sound bad until your appendix bursts and you suddenly want 1st world medical treatment. "
 The US just isn't ready for it and the way it's being set up will back fire. It's an amazing idea and I'd love to see everyone have it, just not the way that the US govt.
 And if it is, is it better to walk fast for 30 min or slow for an hour?"
  "You sound like the runner version of Richard Simmons "
  "[Just watch the first 5 "Then you need to find a job where you can gain skills and experience while you work at it.
 I'm sure you can imagine how reliable he is at child support now."
 Or, they may sell personal information to other companies for advertising.
 I am so interested in other people's life experiences and have found this to be a great place to read them."
  "Or stand on the left... Just stand whatever side people on front of you are standing... It would work easily, if people at least had a notion of making things easier for others."
  "Here's something I wrote out for someone else:  To put it simply, fish shit (ammonia), then bacteria make the ammonia (which is poisonous to fish) into nitrites (also bad), then another type of bacteria make that into nitrates, which are bad, but aren't as bad and get removed during regular water changes. The bacteria need to establish themselves before you add fish, or they won't be able to handle the bio load and the resulting ammonia or nitrate spike would cause death to your fish."
  "This is why I support a universal basic income."
  "everyone would get a $7000 bonus and like hundreds of thousands of people would lose their jobs :/"
  "Ok make an app and sell it"
 Not their problem someone is an adult and doesn't have the skills to get a job that pays more. McDonald's pays what the skills required to work there are worth. "
  "There's been quite the backlash to Kegel's lately "Ehm.. it seemed like a good idea at the time..? (Seriously: I'm really sorry if I really did ruin something for you. In that case: anything I can do to make it up?)
  "Shareholder put up the initial investment. They took the risk of putting up money so the burger flipper had a building to work in. It also isn't necessarily easy being on the board or high up in a company. The executive might worry about work 24/7. My father was/is a high level employee with a government contractor. He leaves at 7am and sometimes doesn't return until 1am. Sometimes he goes on two or three cross country business trips a week (in a train, not some luxury jet). Yesterday, during his company holiday, he went into work when no one else was there. He doesn't get paid overtime. But in order to .maintain his job, he must worry about the well being of the entire company. If profits fall, his department might all be fired, simply because that's who the board blames. A burger flipper might be laid off because profits fell and there is not enough money to pay them, but the executive might be laid off simply because profits fell and the board needs to send a message. Does my dad make a nice living from what he does?
 Enough to say that we really make up a large portion of reddit's userbase."
  "My whippet likes to spin in circles when she gets excited.
  "Before I saw the comments about Runescape, I thought you were talking about Ireland in Crusader Kings II."
 Your polls are down.
 More specifically any form of changing lanes or merging.
  "There was a German exchange student that hung out with my friends and I in high school.
  "Squabble(n) - To engage in a fist fight.
  "Mmmmokay, I concede...perhaps the festival atmosphere could vary based on individual desires..."
 You can get a bed and lots of space for way less than 500/mo if you're willing to have roommates."
  "Never thought about it that way haha, but damn it rings true. "
  "Canadian here, can confirm. If you have:  * Public healthcare, so you'll never be bankrupted by a medical bill * Walkable cities, so a huge change in your car insurance rates won't make transportation impossible * Easily available, affordable healthy food  you can earn very little, but still not have much to worry about. None of these things should really cost that much for society to provide (the US already spend way more tax $$s per capita on medicaire/medicaid than most nations with public healthcare for everyone, yet lives under the delusion that it doesn't fund healthcare -- it does, it just does a bad job.) Easing transportation issues is primarily just a political issue -- experts are constantly writing logical, well-though out reports, only to be disregarded in favour of some city councillor trying to win a second term by appealing to their sprawl-loving demographic. It's more profitable for food companies to keep selling high-margin food \"products\" than actual food, so there's little pressure to actually make this happen. It takes much less money, and about the same amount of effort, to make meals from dried beans, brown rice + frozen veg than it does to eat hot dogs, TV-dinners and eggos all day, but kids are growing up not even knowing what food is actually made of. So get a population that doesn't have to live on constant fear of economic ruin when they get sick/hurt, has livable cities with accessible transportation, and eats well for cheap, and the impact of being a low-paid employee reduces to a fraction of what it is today."
 He also gives me a look like he doesn't care about random things sometimes, which I think is hilarious! And how he likes me spooning him and snuggles up beside me after a long walk or trip to the dog park. "
  "Did they just call that dog \"Coopa\" like the little turtlely things in Mario games?! That just makes the whole flop even more awesome."
  "I suppose all taps are different, but at the place I used to work, you could totally see the bubbles in the first 1-2 seconds of the stream regardless of the keg's age. Trying to fill the glass while that was going on just didn't work. \"wasting\" the first couple of seconds was much preferable to running it off the top afterward."
 When you find a person you connect with, that you want to be with, none of that other stuff you worry about will matter. Just be open to the possibilities "
  "I have read numerous articles that state that on your back, with no pillow, is the best for your back. I sleep on my back, and with a towel rolled up through the pillowcase to create an arch for my neck, so my neck has proper support. I know from asking my chiropractor that sleeping on your side **with** the neck support is okay, just don't put your shoulders too far forward."
  "\"What doesn't kill you fucks you up mentally and makes you wish you were dead\" -Somewhere on the internet, 2013"
 The first time I drove a snow plow, a guy was cutting through our plow line and got sideways in front of me.
 I still get cramps (uterus and guts) but because I now know exactly when they'll start I can take ibuprofen and imodium to reduce them. And if I am doing something important when I'm supposed to have my period, no big deal - just take another week of pills to move it back a week."
  "I think they're actually discussing the proper way to chop things like vegetables for cooking.
  "\"We eventually got out of it and make more,\" is interesting.
  "To try and improve my handwriting"
  "As a construction engineer, maybe you can tell me why in the world there are two lanes in roundabouts? The center lane just goes around and around, and a roundabout doesn't have a distinct beginning or end, so you have to risk cutting off traffic in the outside lane to turn off where you're supposed to, or you start pulling a National Lampoon."
 Gas prices in the 70's skyrocketed leading consumers to want fuel efficient vehicles that the foriegn automakers were making. Toyota for example would allow the workers to stop the line to fix a small problem with an auto on the production line. American automaker's attitude, on the other hand, was that the line could never stop and the problem could be fixed later; this lead to higher prodcution costs for all of the labor to fix a simple problem buried within a car."
  "It was on a long car ride so my dad and I could just look forward and not at each other."
  "When I sleep with my door closed, my cat leaves me gifts outside my door. A couple months ago, she brought me a full bag of homemade cookies that my roommate's girlfriend baked the night before. It was especially endearing since she's a tiny cat, yet she managed to knock the whole bag (about 10 cookies) off of the counter and then dragged it up the stairs. Also, now that it's winter, she gets cold during the night so she's been sleeping between my legs at night."
 I hated it!\"   \"Which part didn't you like?\"  \"I didn't see the movie, I didn't understand it.\" "
  "That sounds like bullshit, women don't have balls, or a penis... babies aren't a roll of dimes and skin is either torn from the baby or cut with a VERY sharp blade if needed, not nail clippers. She sounds like a bitch. Oh, wait, you're a guy... she can go fuck herself."
  "My leopard gecko sticks out his little tongue and licks you when you hold him :p so cute. And the family dog loves so much when I come play with him after I haven't seen him in months  that he will plop in front of the patio door so I can't get around him to go back inside!"
  "The bugle call from Ft Asshole that General Shits arrived."
 Every set of instructions I come across has French."
 Can we just get some big tug boats and drag the UK south/west a bit."
 Is there a reason our economic system cannot provide for everyone in our society? "
  "My parents have a miniature dapple wiener dog and when she gets excited, she does super fast little 360's.
  "My cat will \"go on walks with me\" . basically I just walk around the neighborhood/fields and she bolts to catch up to me if I get too far away. Sometimes I have to put her in the house if I'm actually walking somewhere and she's outside though, or she'll follow me. "
  "Teeth don't actually grow [they just come out of your "
  "\"I'm acting like a tool and I can't stop!\""
 I was very sad at the the time, but knew he wasn't that type of person. In the video it looked like he was on something too.
 Of course i want to see the gun!\" "
  "Any time I watch Westerns or any show/movie with horses in it, the actors are way too rough with the horses' reins. The actors yank the horses around so badly, and you can see the horses' discomfort by the way they hang their mouths open, toss their heads, and roll their eyes. Also, things like tying a horse to a post by the reins are never done in real life. "
  "Because if you get hacked and/or lose your password, they can verify it's you."
  "You cannot force someone to change if they don't want to change."
 The look on his face when he took a huge spoonful into his mouth was all it took to no longer be funny. Nothing funny about watching your dad wipe his tongue with a napkin while asking \"why would you do that?\" over and over."
  "Difference in friction makes it easier for them to break. Actually its pretty much guaranteed that they will break."
 Automobiles and travel by airplane is cheap; childcare is expensive and personal servants are out of reach for all but the very rich. Infant mortality is basically a thing of the past; almost everyone lives to age 70."
  "[Yes, I would hire Mike "I'm sorry that you are sorry."
  "I don't like it when kids talk during movies either, but still.... "
 I personally thoroughly dislike having roommates, 3 experiences later, and I can't wait to move into my own (tiny) place next year. However, I won't have my parents help forever and will probably eventually end up with roomies again. It lowers quality of life for those who don't benefit emotionally from sharing their home."
 I just have a bleak view of reality."
  "[Fritolaysia Cuts Off Chiplomatic Relations With "I would want to learn Japanese, since I want to know one language for each continent."
  "My plans also fell through so I am at home with a bunch of alcohol, one of the original books on bartending (lots of interesting drink recipes), *Tucker  Dale vs Evil* on the TV, and a cat and laser pointer."
  "Except for when you get decapitated."
  "Working enough WHILE going to school to pay off my debts.
 There's been quite the backlash to Kegel's lately "My family basically decided to mix wine and tequila in 12oz cup and give me about 3-4cups of it. "
  "Too small to use proper technique, too big to use two thumb method"
  "If wealth was equalized (even roughly), then would even the best medical treatment be lowered in cost?"
  " the counselors had this competition between the various campsites to see which one could remove the most scum out of the lake, you'd fill up garbage bags and at the end of the day the campsite that collected the most would get a personal cake at dinner.
  "Music makes me want to cut my ears off at the moment, unfortunately."
 Many people put it on upside down so that it doesn't release. I either see owners completely oblivious to the fact that they're choking their dog, or constantly reaching down to loosen it after every tug. Look up youtube videos to make sure you're doing it right, and if you're unsure put it on your wrist first to make sure it DOES loosen as soon as the leash is slack! Sidenote:  Halties and face harnesses are often marketed as a humane alternative, but 1) they are a bandaid for a problem, not a training tool and 2) as they apply pressure to a sensitive pressure point, they are hardly more humane. If you want to incorporate the idea of redirection into your leash training, use a harness that clips in the front.  "
  "Wish you the best but prepare yourself that this may be the biggest challenge of your life. I know you can do it because anyone is capable of quitting, just be aware that it will be a real challenge.
  "Your balance must be off."
  "I hate small chat. I find many people like it, but I would rather just be quiet or listen. I find many people find what I would talk about, so I just let them enjoy their topics.
 Hopefully the rest of us get bosses like that one day too :)"
 If your coworkers know, they'll take it up with the boss.
  "I really don't mind, but my history should come with a warning;  \"Will make you sad\" :("
  "Hey at least you didn't delete your comment like a little girl.
 Here in New England, you're able to get your license 4-6 months after your 16th birthday, provided you passed your permit test and all that. I never did any major harm, but I was definitely not mature enough at age 16 to suddenly have access to the entire country via automobile. I drove places I shouldn't have and drove *way* faster than I should have, all because I thought it was fun."
 In Australia, we drive on the left, our slow lane is on the left and the right is for overtaking. So if you go to a foreign country where they drive on the wrong side of the road to you, you probably walk like a dick to them, too."
  "At my old friends house they had a room filled with grains in the basement.
  "The problem with it being just enough to get you by is fine until something goes wrong... what if you have kids? You could argue that increasing minimum wage isn't the way to fix this because these things can be addressed through healthcare reforms, government subsidized childcare, etc, but that has little bearing on what's a \"liveable\" wage in the meantime.
 I hate trying to start convo with a fella and I ask about what they do in life, hobbies, work, anything and their answer is \"hang out .\" Really? "
 Sleep is a waste of time. "
  "Party like it's 1699.
  "I always get a giggle or two after asking someone: \"What'd you say?\" It never fails. "
 So I can understand what all those yellow bastards are saying to me at work. You live in America now, learn the language.
 So I can understand all the screaming coming from the restaurant kitchen."
  "As a 14-year-old girl trying to figure out a tampon, you're not going to consider the septic ramifications of flushing it if the box instructs you to. "
 Also my friend was able to convince me that \"needle\" is the worst word in the English dictionary."
  "\"You saw nothing\".... Nice user name..."
  "That America is the worst place ever, all law enforcement is evil,  and everyone of everyone's liberties are being oppressed.
  "Lancaster resident here, if you want to have a nice wine from out of state you have to buy it by the case and have it delivered to the government run alcohol store (takes about 2 to 5 weeks)."
  "Initial scan looks like a no, unless he has a a seriously different past than the one he has told me about.
 As of now we have the government picking up the slack but that is not sustainable. We're just subsidizing McDonald's so they can have cheap labor."
  "If I could change things, absolutely."
  "Please find a visually appealing yet functional way to seperate women's genitals from their anus. That little bit of taint just isn't cutting it."
 Some will give you a similar feeling to being naturally lubricated, but you may have to reapply more often. I haven't needed lube since I lost my virginity though so maybe someone else can be of more help there."
  "In light of the recent spat in the console war, Sony's brand new stupid box thing that doesn't do the goddamn thing it's fucking supposed to."
  "It's to be expected; this is a public forum and your post history reflects you as a person so if someone wants to get a better idea of who you are then it's a great way to do it. If you don't want people looking at some things you've said, then either don't post them or make a throwaway."
  "Do not try to punch through can lids if they're hanging on by a couple threads, regardless of how empowered your titanium ring makes you feel."
  "2 stories...  First, I do the finger pull game with my kids (as any good father does). So we're in Costco and my 3 year old daughter runs up to me in the middle of a crowded aisle, pulls my finger while making a loud fart sound, yells \"Daddy farted!\" then ran away.
  "Hey whoa you think you can just tell people you got a reference *without* a picture of Captain America? You make me sick."
 It's from a Comedy Central short Brie did called Hot Sluts, which you can watch "That expression means money doesn't mean happiness. The expression relates to the idea that live with the goal of getting money which will ultimately live them unfulfilled unless they change the purpose of their life; which becomes more and more difficult the further you get in life; especially when you make money. "
 Maybe I'll bank them away and accrue some life points interest over time. Or I may just cash them in for some brunch, since it's 12pm New Year's Day here. An extra brunch hashbrown sounds pretty tempting."
  "I must be part dog because I also have a sixth sense for when it's party time."
 lol Like, why would you wanna look at someones old posts?"
  "The thing where it gets wrinkled and degraded and eventually dies is pretty lame.
 Weep, and you weep alone.\" It just showed me that happiness takes work, and you have to fake it at first.
  "I recently was sorting through boxes in my parents' basement and I found the three books that my dad once gave me when he did a brief version of \"the talk\". (he basically said read these books and tell me if you have questions)  Really only one of the books was any good. The other books were really bad. I wonder how my dad feels about it.
  "Or slid a credit card or knife into the jam to force open the door if it was cheap and old (which it appears to have been) or, like most newer knobs, there is a hole in an interior home knob for just such situations."
  "I guess it depends on like ... how you know her??"
 I'd like to think my parents think I am mature enough, and have the common sense to wear condoms and such."
 I hope it wasn't Extremosaurus Rex, that would have been even cooler."
 I assume that means you were born knowing how to boil eggs?
 I'm talking about the fact that no one is going to beat you for trying to find a better opportunity. Your boss isn't going to beat or whip younger quitting your job and enlisting in the Army."
 Fully regret that, and I just finished dinner."
  "I used to think that in my teens and early twenties but I accomplished it through hard work and I didn't have much help too.
  "I took office occupations and some other business ROP class during high school, and basically... if you could put words in ABC order, numbers in 123 order, you have basic filing skills.
  "My chinchilla will often climb up onto my hand when I hold it out and just fall asleep. Half the time I have no idea what to do with him after he falls asleep."
  "I'm more of the asshole who sits in the back and makes fun of the parties involved"
 Because if we do, I think we should kill you and every member of your family for stealing tax money from the English royal family.
  "FWIW, I'm a pretty tall and intimidating guy, and I'm also on pretty constant alert when I'm out and about, even more so at night. I get a weird sense of anxiety if I don't have a good sense of exactly who is around me and their possible intentions. Edited to add: This changes some when I'm alone vs with a group, also depending on the size composition of the group.
  "At least someone feels me. I got a lot of hate mail for that post lol "
  "\"The wheels on the bus go round and round....\""
  "G2 (low-calorie gatorade) with salt pills.
  "The guys that amuse me are the ones that have been there a while but every time you see them on the bench they're doing 3 inch speed-\"partials\" with 315 and change. My gym has a few regulars like this."
 A higher minimum wage would not allow McDonalds to execute that move. "
  "hug my band teacher, get more into music faster, don't be an idiot asking my crush out, realize my facial hair, body hair, deep voice are gone and I'm 5 inches shorter, then cry."
  "Tattoos make naked people fun to look at, if not more. This is a sad turn off...
  "I made it clear already that I dont like the idea that everyone has to go to college. There are very very few jobs willing to hire someone without some kind of degree (even from community college) for positions that pay above 30k starting out. As for the debt thing, I think this is a problem that primarily affects people who choose to take on large amounts of debt. Its also worth mentioning that if you did well enough in school, you can get more scholarships and more aid as well as get into bigger, better schools with more money to give. I said that I dont like the idea of everyone going to college because realistically 80% of the kids in college shouldnt have to be there. Their future jobs require no skills that college gives and they would have been better off going to technical school or just working right out of college. If youre going to work construction, you dont need to go to college. This is the situation in other countries, like Germany, where only the more academically oriented kids go to University and the other kids just get the education they need for their jobs. "
 Although I haven't read the books, and that might be why."
  "I'd argue they make billions more - perhaps can only compete with Walmart - specifically because they pay more. I don't prefer Costco out of a sense of charity or social justice. Costco employees are energetic and proud to work where they do, and it shows. They pay their employees more, but get more value back for every extra dollar they spend."
 You're free to be an asshole, we're free to label you an asshole."
  "The reason it's so popular is that ANYONE can use it. They may not use it intensively or intelligently, but they can use it. With i-devices you pay for user-friendliness and a certain kind of durability. "
 Because if chump don't want no help, chump don't get no help."
  "I know a manager, let's call him Morning. People, especially management see this. I'm not saying that this is the case here, but as a manager, I see this ALOT. Some people can play the \"game\" and some can't. Those that can't get the slip. Usually, the ones that advance are just players."
  "Coiling cable (or rope or garden hose or Christmas lights or whatever). If you alternate going clockwise and counterclockwise, it doesn't get into a mangled mess, and the cable will probably last longer. Quick check: If you can toss it while holding one end and end up with a mostly-straight cable, you're doing it right. Here's a demonstration by some bloke in England: "Something my mom said to me a couple years ago before we went to take family pictures. I started to shave my head because I was getting a pretty big forehead, receding hairline and all. Well anyways, I don't like the half and half look with hair and balding so I just cut it all off. I did that and went downstairs and   my mom said I look like Mr Clean (in a sad that I cut my hair manner)....   She apologized after she realized that it was very uncool"
 Never works for me though, I prefer working alone and grinding it out until I'm done. "
 I never saw a trailer for it before going to see it. It looked like a documentary about tigers, so I marched my 14yr old self out of there.
  "Icelandic, because it's completely useless here in the US and I think wobbly-headed languages like that sound cool. Also, no, I have no idea why I call Scandinavian languages 'wobbly-headed', it just seems to fit."
  "I've been trying to get the most out of life a little bit more in the last few months. I've somewhat weaned myself away from my computer and Xbox, I have no games on my phone so I won't be as easily distracted (reddit is bad enough), try to get outside for at least an hour as often as possible, started exercising, took up learning photography, started using DuoLingo to practice Spanish, and taking a lot more walks. I get up early and enjoy it for once. I get anxious on rainy days if I can't go play soccer at the park.
 Fix \"Walk into room and forget why\" bug -This is a serious memory leak issue and can cause frustration. Current Tutorial continues to leave humans confused or unaware of many features available.    "
 I work with loads of Hindi speakers...."
 I can contain the sneeze pretty well - and now I can easily go wipe/wash my hands. If I sneeze into my elbow, I have a snotty arm all day. That doesn't seem like a good thing to be walking around with. "
  "Could you maybe send any workout ideas or more importantly meal plans.
  "  people who show up drunk, forget to come in at all, start fights with coworkers, steal, etc  Those people get fired...so kind of a false premise.  "
  "I'm mexican and i freaking love tacos."
  "\"Year One\" - because my wife and I just looked at each other, about 15-20 minutes in, and telepathy happened - this movie isn't going anywhere, let's get the hell out of here.
  "This sounds like the worst excuse in thr history of mankind...but I will do it when I have time.
  "Whatever you do, don't beat that pussy like Emmett Till.
  "I don't feel I have to improve on anything :)"
  "It's like what they say to people wanting to be comedians 'first make yourself laugh, only then can you hope to make other's laugh', focus on yourself then that from others will follow"
 I wish we were fancy enough to live in Texas."
  "Don't get the triple strength for that."
  "Not with an username like that, it isn't. "
  "and the salt lake made of Redditors tears."
  "Thanks I guess I'm looking for suggestions to find leisure, and willing to try new things. "
  "There's been quite the backlash to Kegel's lately "It's huge piece of advice but in my experience, advice and material availability mean nothing when people don't listen to it. "
  "If you like it, put a ring on it.
  "So your comfort is more important than someone earning enough to pay there bills and get off of assistance? All of the 'extra' money that minimum wage workers get would be poured into local economies and necessities thereby stimulating the market and lifting all boats. Why put out a hand to help those less fortunate when you can step on their heads to get yourself a little more."
  "I learned that my anxiety and fear of failure was holding me back from a lot of things. It was unfortunate that I learned it by watching someone else's downfall, but it made me realize I can't hold myself back. It's a hard thing to work on though and is always a work in progress."
 I need a visit to /r/theredpill."
  "Just like hair!"
  "I'm a member of the American work force. By which I mean not only is the power in the employee/employer relationship swinging ever father in the wrong direction, but every year thousands more nonsense, middle-man, nonproductive positions are being invented so that we can maintain the illusion that even with exponential growth in new technology, we all still have to work 40 hours a week to be able to feed and house everyone."
  "Then your consciousness gets trapped in flock of carrion birds."
  "You have a better idea that works at least as good? "
  "I guess that's one way to look at it... "
  "And those markets depend on having goods and services st a cheaper price point to get investors. So really just extend the op question to global scale"
  "I bought the trilogy and No Country as Christmas presents to myself. I'm enjoying No Country, but looking forward to the other books as well."
  "My issue is that countries with higher minimum wages when translated to US currency still keep mcdonalds in business. Meanwhile mcdonalds here claims it would be *impossible* to pay US employees the sort of pay they would get in, say, Australia? Also, McDonalds says they'd have to raise prices, and that no one would buy a McDouble for $1.75.
  "Tell her that she makes you nervous too (assuming she at the very least gives you butterflies or something - obviously don't lie or lead her on)."
  "Going UA in the military...knew what I was about to do, still went through with it..I will always regret that"
  "this wins in my book"
 A big, green one. Later came to discover that hotel had been rated \"The Dirtiest Hotel In seems to be the #4 dirtiest now, so they're working on it."
 That said, when I walk anywhere alone, especially at night, I choose my route carefully to avoid trouble. It's not 'omg I'm going to be raped' but things like keeping an eye on my drink, not letting myself wind up alone with someone in an unfamiliar place. I just try to avoid getting into a situation where that could happen."
 I doubt they could suddenly fire 1/2 there employees and keep the stores running. They would simply raise prices to offset the increased wages but with everyone who makes less than $15 an hour (a large portion of the US work force) now making more money it would easily offset the increased prices."
 God, The people on this thread are so fucking out of touch it's insane. [Certain people are fucked from the and can't get out of it.
  "I have a friend who consistently refers to more than one text as \"tex-es\" and more than one breakfast as \"breakfas-es,\" and when her house was being remodeled there were a lot of problems with the \"jois-es.\" Yes, I understood what she meant, but all three of those words are still incorrect. "
 In the end I didnt really like the person I had become.
  "A lot of families don't have the luxury of deciding whether they should work to relieve their boredom."
 Nobody likes or cares about Canberra, except the fireworks are legal there.
 The security guard in the lobby took his job very seriously and one day while I was returning from lunch I saw him arguing with 2 people without ID and he would not let them pass. They do not have passes!\" I finally convinced Sam to agree to allow me to sign them in as my guests so they could enter the elevators to get to their destinations. We all laughed a full 20 floors up."
  "[Here, a neuroscientist explores the benefits of meditation through brain mapping   Link leads to a TED talk. "
  "/r/watchpeopledie  Makes the rest of the day seem more bearable."
  "yea, your post was the funniest thing I've seen in a while.  "
 My team leader actually laughed it off and told me what I had to do to fix it. Took a whole damn effort to fix it. That was when he told me to get used to 'save as' other than just 'save'."
  "I wonder what will be the hi-light of the new year"
 If we separate the 2 agents then it should remove the incentive to arrest as many people as possible "
  "Curious, what if there is not enough wages paid to where these companies are not able to sell their product. In effect, because people aren't getting paid enough, velocity of money is slowed to where, supply of money is not enough to bring a demand?"
  "\"The airdrop represents the largest deployment of any letter to a foreign country since 1984. During the summer of that year, the US shipped 92,000 consonants to Ethiopia, providing cities like Ouaouoaua, Eaoiiuae, and Aao with vital, life-giving supplies of L's, S's and T's.\"  Sooo good."
 She would always put her paws up and make this weird playful growly noise and roll over.
  "Oh no you don't, I've taken your love and shan't be giving it back until I'm done."
  "I'm gonna throw another comment on this chain to make that less awkward"
  "I'd want to just learn how to swear like a Scottish man. Or German, mainly because they have funny words: Flammenwerfer just makes me chuckle."
 Can you please add one link from the Onion News Network? [VH1 Reality Show Bus Crashes In California Causing Major Slut Clean-up crews are hard at work after a VH1 bus carrying reality show contestants overturned, spilling 2,000 pounds of highly concentrated slut."
  "Do what you say you will do. If it's not your cup of tea, don't drink it."
  "get recruited from an elite university  pays alright"
  "Just send me a clever text on your phone with some misspelled words.
  "I get that reference! "
  "Gun it and run it."
  "You can flush urinals manually?
  "  Somewhere in the house there is a \"*nwumnwumnwum..\" sound, similar to the sound of a cat about to battle another cat. I think I know that exact sound you're talking about.
  "To an extent this exists in places in the US. If you are under 16, you can be paid federal minimum of 7.25. I've always heard this is because of employers having to deal with child labor laws making it more annoying to employ 14 and 15 year olds (\"When school is IN session minors 14  15 cannot be employed before 7:00 a.m. or after 7:00 p.m.; work more than 3 hours on any School Day; work more than 18 hours in any School Week; work during school hours, unless employment is incidental to bona fide vocational training program. When school is NOT in session minors 14  15 cannot be employed before 7:00 a.m. or after 9:00 p.m.; work more than 8 hours per day; work more than 40 hours per week.\") I know first hand though that these laws are often not followed..."
 now whenever he wants a treat he gives me his paw, even when I'm not asking for it. like I'm eating popcorn and he comes ''here's my paw!
  "I don't know anyone worthy enough to spill blood over. But if you do, remember to eat their hearts to absorb their powers along with their courage."
  "McDonalds wouldn't HAVE to raise their prices, they could just make less profit. I look at it this way;  If an owner/executive makes say $500k a year, and has 5 employees under them making $20k a year, why couldn't they take a $100k decrease in pay and split it between the employees? I'm not saying people shouldn't make large amounts of money for their work, but what ever happened to sharing the wealth, especially to the workers that help create the wealth?\r\rI know I will be down voted, but that's how I feel."
 Maybe you should get a ball-warmer or something."
  "Every morning as soon as I open the shower curtain, my cat Boris scuttles into the bathroom, stands on his hind legs with his front paws on the edge of the tub, and stretches his head way up with a look that's 80% love and 20% crazyface. This is my cue to bend down and give him a kiss on his little forehead, then make with a wet foot so he can lick it. Sometimes he will hang around until I'm altogether out of the tub and lay on my still-damp feet, licking them until I just can't take anymore and drop a towel on him to get him to stop."
  "I get yelled at when I do this :/"
  "While the result seems absurd, I'm sure the factors leading up to that payout would shed a lot more light on why that decision was made. Since, after all, companies don't just give out money because they like to keep rich people rich, they do it tactically. I can't comment more on what led to that, but I could see some possible reasons being: keeping the bonus in-line with that for other executives, attempting to  keep the exec from jumping ship to another company, perhaps some amazing feat of strength in that 6 months from that exec that led to a huge boon for the company, I really don't know."
  "Fuck you pay me  Fuck you pay me  Fuck you pay me"
 It's about your background, what resources you had growing up, not necessarily just your skin color. We had a mini affirmative action in my high school for the kids who were from a particularly small middle school who eventually merged into our highschool, because those kids had pretty big drop out rate and they really needed the motivation."
  "thanks friend *puts his hand over you and starts twitching*  I think we're gonna be besties....."
  "When I'm working I make good money, and could make more if I was willing to charge more. Part of the reason I do the work I do however is because I spend a few months at a minimum each year on the land picking various mushrooms, berries, and or gardening, so this career fits in well with my lifestyle (as I do it mostly during the winter months). The more I transcribe the worse my spelling becomes!"
  "My family once went to a resort in Maine, and we didn't have enough beds for me to sleep in, so they ordered me a cot. We add this soft, blue blanket we find in the closet to make my night more comfortable. Unfortunately, after everyone falls asleep I smell a faint scent of pure shit. I get my nose to touch the blanket to smell (I was a kid and this was how I smelled things then). I notice immediately that there was something very wrong with this blanket. I say: \"Dad, this blanket smells bad.\" He responded: \"Go to bed. We will deal with it in the morning.\" I do exactly that and fell asleep with the stench of shit overwhelming me. I wake up in the morning noticing that some asshead used it to wipe their butt, folded it, and put it back into the closet.
 It's an inherent part of the construct of reddit, and I knew what I signed up for."
  "Might get some shit for this but.... he cheated on me with a man (he's bi), got an STD, and that's how I found how he cheated. Eventually it got so I was able to talk to him, and then he flew me out to see him where we had a lot of long talks. He seemed genuinely remorseful and vowed that he would never hurt me again.
 You always know he's on his way because he makes this little stuffed-mouth \"mrowr\" noise as he walks with the toy in his maw. Then he'll walk up to you and drop the toy. If you thank him he'll happily walk away or rub on you, if you don't he'll just stare at you for a moment before wandering off (probably to plot revenge on rudeness). Doesn't matter if you're on a different floor of the house, he'll bring the toy to you (if you hear him meowing you have to call to him so he knows where you are). He also doesn't seem to mind the fact that half the toys he carries around are bigger than he is and weight half as much as he does. His younger brother has taken to doing this with feather toys, though he doesn't meow. You can just hear the toy being dragged behind him on the wood flooring. Then he'll come over and drop it and play if you swish it around for him. He also loves spinach, so he comes into the kitchen every night when we make dinner on the off chance that leafy greens will be involved and he can beg for them. Spinach is the only thing that will make him come near my son, he'll take a leaf right out of his hand but avoids the child like the plague at all other times. The youngest of our three cats loves bubbles. Usually he just watches the bubbles, though occasionally he'll paw at them. He also is the most lap-cat of the three, despite weighing 22 pounds and being the most ill-suited to the position. If you're laying on the couch, he immediately walks up and jumps on you (painfully) and makes himself comfortable on your stomach/chest, often kneading with his talon-like claws all the while.  "
  "Commenting so I can find it again in an argument about minimum wage "
  "The teaser image is good but the official poster was one of the first all-photoshop \"floating head\" posters that all movie posters now have degenerated into, sadly. IMHO movie posters (except for retro  alternate Alamo Drafthouse-style ones) are a lost art now, along with album covers."
  "You don't \"get into the CIA\", the CIA gets into *you* and it's not a job you do for the pay..."
 What can I accomplish in 5 hours?"
 That is why we have government support for the unprivileged to compensate. It would be an error to believe that because the privileged are more likely to succeed that in order to succeed, you need to be privileged which is what tuba_man implies."
  "Don't let someone put numbing condoms on you backwards."
  "Biden has a reputation for his off-the-cuff remarks, like when the mics caught him telling Obama it was \"a big fucking deal\" when the ACA was passed. The fact that he's not anything close to that makes it really funny, in my humble opinion. "
  "My brain doesn't work correctly.
  "Look's like it arrived on time!"
  "I would evaluate a stripper's ability to give lap dances. "
  "To be fair, a lot of people keep their flash set on \"auto\" so if it is dark, then even though the subject is far away the camera will register it as low light and flash"
 Which god did they kill and why?"
 Generally,  I think there's more negotiating over things you decide to do and more support for you when you would have suffered by yourself normally - things like having someone to talk to, or someone who helps you do stuff when you're sad or tired because of things out of your control, or picking up your mistakes before they screw you up. But then she'll also expect some kind of support like that from you. Your life gets cheaper to run, because you and her can pool your resources, and then there's a new cost in your life of maintaining the relationship, the size of which depends on your and her level of compatibility, quality of communication, and emotional intelligence. "
 Pick one that interests you and find a way to squeeze it into your day!"
  "Bad eyesight and a hereditary blood disease that would render my sons very fragile."
  "Because in the past (Like a long, long time ago) a small cat couldn't hurt you, while a relative of a poisonous snake, I think the black mamba is one, could seriously injure you. Similar to how even though there are only 2 seriously poisonous spiders in the continental US, humans are still generally afraid of spiders because they could kill you. Side note: I don't have much that I know about this subject, just stuff I have read in a few articles. If I am incorrect in any of these statements, please let me know as I am not trying to start a fight nor give out incorrect information."
  "Those words are very filthy I understand you in that regard haha and I'd never look for someone to adopt a person that's completely out of character.
 This has legitimately been very useful, and I thank you for the amount of effort you put into this.
 They may have that much for phones, and phones alone, but not nearly anything else. Also, considering that their major marketing ploy was colors last year, I don't see a whole lot of innovation coming from them.
  this, but in a fish tank. here's the process:  * starting with empty aquarium * put in water. allow pump to run for a month. * in this time, beneficial bacteria will develop in the filter and in the water. * when you put the fish in the tank, it creates waste. Fish waste contains ammonia. * Since you already have an established bacteria community, the ammonia in the fish waste is processed into nitrate, which is not harmful to the fish. * if you don't do this, the ammonia buildup from the waste becomes too great. This kills the fish."
  "Depends on how much the Chinese or Russians offer you!
  "Why do Hogwarts students care about house points? We put an intrinsic value on meaningless points."
  "Because not all jobs produce enough value to be considered a livable wage. You cannot have jobs that make more than the value they produce.  "
  "Explains your all-caps love of Lil B."
 Everything can and will always change\""
 When they ask why the hell you bought them a puppy you can say \"It's so you can get used to the pitter-patter of little feet!\""
  "Regional accents do not change what is correct and incorrect, only what is accepted and what isn't. I wouldn't be a douche and call someone out for saying something one way or the other, but I would pretend that wrong is right either. "
  "Ah I love her"
 I suck too bad to get involved though."
  "most people can't seem to grasp the subtleties of idiomatic expressions."
 OP, you're a special type of stupid"
  "Does anyone know where we can get factual information about what is going on? It seems there's only TEPCO or USGOV reports to the tune of \"nothing to see here, move along\", or wildly hyperbolic reports of all life as we know it stopping instantaneously and every molecule in our bodies exploding at the speed of light...
  "I love labs!
  "That sounds interesting!"
  "It was a lock on the inside that is kind of shaped like a curved hook and required turning to be locked."
  "Fecking internet filters being added limiting educational resources etc. The claimed reason... top \"protect the children\".
  "When you get enough imaginary internet points, you can win the game man!"
  "I'm pretty sure my wife does this when I watch just to fuck with me."
  "Tomorrow I will wake up a different race, age color, gender, religion, and socioeconomic status. It's going to be a lot of change over night....."
  "My german shepherd is an adult male, 45 kilos. With any loud bang he will try to cower under something. given his huge size, only his head fits. his tail and body stick out from under the table"
  "Yes it is, and if you think you are any less selfish than me, I ask you why you don't already give your extra wages to those who need it?"
 It's binary notation, but using a vertical line to represent 1 and a horizontal line to represent 0  For more on Binary, check out this article [Binary "Well... Are your kids hillbillies?"
  "Alright, then come up with an idea that works at least as well if not better and I would be more than happy to support it.
  "Yep,  like how the Spanish Flu almost won Europe in the early 1900s"
  "In life, try to have a clue what you're talking about, is my motto "
  "I take it your date for New Year's Eve is Reddit then? "
 As long as they're getting their money from average mom and dad who don't care or know about throttling or caps they're just too big an operation to give a shit."
 Give me everything tonight!\"   That line smells of rape charges!"
 We've had record snows here (closing in on 100 cm since Oct). People in our neighbourhood are mostly from places where there isn't this much snow. They immediately put the pedal to the floor and ramp the RPM. Then you're trying to push someone out of polished divots four inches deep. "
  "Sex is great  you always have someone to see a movie with.
  "The replies from this question make me very, very sad. About 90% of the answers make me fear for the future. They are working at a low wage because that's what works for them. * I don't see why this is so hard to understand. "
  "Enter from the front and exit from the rear? Every time I get on a bus and you're in a certain part of the bus like the front you go out the front. I've never heard of enter from the front and exit from the rear I thought it was depending on where you're sitting."
  "\"FAA reminds people that planes can crash and kill you.\""
 It's like an uncontrollable mane of pubes... AROUND HIS MOUTH. They're so unattractive and make the guy look 10+ years older :("
  "How about instead of putting it off until midnight you put it off now? Not trying to insult you, just suggesting."
  "How people put choke chains on their dogs.
  "This is the reason developed countries have a lower birthdate, which is a disaster for economics concerned with exponential growth, ironic?"
 Suffice to say at the end I played like a top korean pro plays SC2. I didn't cheese it, I used medium-weight mech with a high dps hand weapons and an ammo upgrade loadout.
 Remember, you probably went out and spent most of your 15k in the first week trying to secure shelter and food, and nobody can afford to pay you jack shit any more because they've all got 15k too. And like a dumbass, I bet you kept your laptop, and your smartphone, and other personal possessions that the Global Wealth Equalization Office valued at a few grand, so there's that gone. Most of the wealth of your nation and community got shipped off to Africa and Asia and South America, so there's probably not even a whole lot of top tier medical equipment left. I mean, who exactly went and pooled what little they had left to be allowed to keep an MRI machine? What's really going to happen is you're going to go find a doctor who is willing to take a lot of what you have left to attempt to do surgery with basic instruments in the cleanest room you can find somewhere. "
  "Have you read To Kill a Mockingbird?"
  "Being able to shrug off things that are worrying you and find joy in the smaller things. It makes for a person who is much more enjoyable to be around, and it makes you happier as well :)"
 You have to worry about what your employees are doing, not just what you're doing. The burger flipper might have to worry about money, but at his job all he has to worry about is flipping a burger. A manager has to worry about making sure the employees under him are working and not loafing. He has to worry about whether or not the customer is happy. Higher up, the owner has to worry about making sure their business is properly advertised and their staff is working fine. The executive has to worry about all this on a larger scale.
  "That is pretty awesome to be so close to GGB. That means you must also be really close to the great highway or sunset boulevard. And the 38 is a line that connects to all othet bus lines.
  "When a chick spits on your dick. What guy in the name of god finds that a turn on?"
  "Don't you know, once you have a million karma points you obtain immortality"
  "Yes, and remove them in the opposite order. I put the negative on the engine block of the dead car, but anywhere grounded is good."
 Pregnant girlfriend got upset and almost went into labor.
  "I haven't been on reddit long enough to have much of a history, but I can extend this to Facebook, Twitter and such things. If it's not malicious, then I wouldn't take it as an invasion of privacy because this is the internet, when you press that 'send' button it should be YOU that realises that you are sending that information public.  "
 (: I love reddit, but Im just wondering what other websites people go on to waste time. "
  "If you've ever had a best friend, it's pretty much like that, except with sex. "
 Those jobs are not meant to provide a living wage. It used to be these burger flipping jobs could support a person pretty well. Government demanded more regulation, minimum wages, price control, tax increases, inflation went crazy, wages couldn't keep up. Get government out of the market (get rid of it in general) and we will see improvement.  "
  "Yeah, the betta keeps terrorizing the other fish, which is a shame because our old betta, Mr. Pickles, got along way better with them.
 It will feel like year-round summer, there's plenty of partying and space to study when you want to stay out of it. Tons of student housing on-campus and plenty of places to live off-campus as well. I graduated in 2008 and still miss it every single day. It's like NY or LA except people will actually hook up with you at a random party"
  "Well yeah...but they assumed that the US had enough nukes to keep doing it every 2 days in perpetuity.
  "\"Hey Tom, you drank a lot last night!\" \"Yeah, I'm just going sit here and endure every pain filled second of my mistake.\""
 I think there are too many people who try to explain things to kids who are, like, 2 years old instead of just telling them \"no\" like a parent.
  "Oh god that didn't cross my mind! "
  "I see people do that all the time at the top of escalators, where people are being forcibly moved into the space they're just standing in.
  "\"McDonald's, etc doesn't seem like the type of job that a head of household should have as the main job. It is for students, seniors, others who want to work part time for a little extra cash or even adults who want to moonlight a little. That said, I don't know how to solve the employment crisis.\"  I stand by my statement."
  "Jurisprudence fetishist gets off on technicality"
  "Just from that statement alone I can say they most likely had EIC and child tax credit. Probably even free lunches at the public school as well. I could've said the same as accujack about my own family for a time and the EIC didn't even exist for most of my childhood and the \"child tax credit\" isn't someone *giving* you anything, it's letting you *keep what is already yours*, your own earnings. And I brown bagged most of my childhood, my parents would've never even considered such a thing as the \"free lunch\" program as long as they could feed me themselves, evein if they had to do without.
  "2014 will be the year of 4K. "
  "Sometimes, but it's like seeing the same thing day after day.
  "I have a dolphin with a green mohawk wearing Rick James sunglasses and playing a Bootsy Collins sytle bass on my arm."
 They have access roads that run parallel to larger roads (interstates and what have you). The access roads tend to have a 'yield' sign where the offramp joins. If somebody is exiting the highway on an offramp, it's expected that the folks on the access road, even if it's a multi-lane, will come to a complete stop (since that's clearly what 'yield' means), even if they would not have interfered with or slowed the offramp traffic at all. You could be ahead of, and two lanes over from the offramp, but a Texas driver will lose their mind that you safely merged instead of coming to a full stop at the 'triangular stop sign' instead.
  "Welp, If you bring up that you have a degree from a good university, you're trying to make the statement that people with college degrees just can't get jobs. When it comes out that the degree you got was in Women's studies from University of Phoenix and you graduated with a 2.0 GPA it discredits your claim that college educated people just can't find work as you chose a unmarketable degree at a shitty college  and performed poorly while you were attending. All of which indicates that there are other factors as to why you're struggling to get a well paying job such as poor decision making skills. "
  "In Ireland,  publishing or uttering blasphemous matter is illegal and can hold a fine of up to 25,000. (Defamation Act 2009, Section 36)  Also one of my favourite (which was excituted by Bono and the Edge of U2 a few years back) \"Holders of the freedom of Dublin have the right to pasture sheep on common ground within the city boundaries.\"   "
  "Don't make a fire in a farmers field on a hot summer day.
  "My favorite \"Just set up a 29 gallon reef a week ago. Have 19 fish which 8 are tangs, 5 anemones, 32 types of coral, and no water movement.
  "I keep seeing posts saying that to raise wages, the costs of products would increase. They wouldn't HAVE to raise their prices, they could just make less profit. I look at it this way;  If an owner/executive makes say $500k a year, and has 5 employees under them making $20k a year, why couldn't they take a $100k decrease in pay and split it between the employees? I'm not saying people shouldn't make large amounts of money for their work, but what ever happened to sharing the wealth, especially to the workers that help create the wealth?\r\rI know I will be down voted, but that's how I feel."
 It's like they always say, you gotta chose your battles. In my experience, I've gotten over a lot of things in relationships, but I'm cool with it because I know my partner had to get over things too. "
 So professors and TAs would bump me because they liked me and knew that I was trying. "
  "A few franchises (other fast food retailers too) are struggling to find workers. Obviously this is on a small scale in certain areas. Hell, in my expierennce, a mcdonalds by my house was doing fine with labor but the one 7 miles away at ny school couldnt keep workers for more than a few months. On my college campus and the one by old school also couldnt find a specific worker, native English speakers. Its pretty hard to have a cashier serve mainly English speakers when they dont. I guess it was cheaper to hire one for every few months and retrain them than pay them like $10/hour ti attract them though."
  "Effect is a noun, affect is a verb."
  "Depending on your cash flow, I'd end up doing something like a whole box full - like a shoe box or bigger crammed full of them. He had long hair - like halfway down his back - and kept bumming them off me (his younger sister) since he had too much pride to buy them for himself. I finally cut my hair like chin-length where I didn't need to buy any so he'd be forced to buy his own."
  "I have jacked up teeth and personally, I enjoy flashing them. It makes me feel powerful like a wolf. "
 We did a flash mob, I performed street magic for people, and we sang all over the place (like in St. John the Divine, the US's biggest cathedral. We sounded like freaking angels.).
  "There's a disturbing trend happening within a lot of middle age social circles where it has become taboo to discipline your child or be seen as \"too strict\".  "
  "between sets I flex in the mirror and mire on myself"
  "For a second I thought \"Wow, this will be so useful!\"  ...Then it hit me..."
 Don't even ask me why I went in the first place. "
  "Where do you *ever* find two for one toilet paper?
  "I think you need to reconsider the sanctity you seem to hold for the idea of supply and demand. It can be twisted in the modern global market. For example, in my home country businesses cry about a skills shortage to encourage immigration, whereas the reality is there are more graduates than ever before. Businesses want more applicants that will accept lower wages. Before, supply and demand was a little more localised for jobs than it was for something like natural resources. The upper and lower bounds were set by local variables. These days those bounds are much wider, with staff from rich countries competing with equally skilled staff from poorer countries, and the poor in third world countries having to compete against businesses with vastly greater resources at their disposal. It's a global upheaval (one that I hope will leave the world richer, and not just a handful of elites), and everyone should try to ride the wave as best they can, but the idea that it's entirely down to personal responsibility is flawed. People who try hard will get left behind, and we should try to dampen the effects of that, and the global market will affect wages in places where there's not much leeway for them to go down without severe problems.
 But yea, the rest fit."
 Helps working in a smaller box store too. "
  "Always, always, *always* keep a stock of things you'll need when you get sick. Because if you do get sick, you may not be able to go out and get them or have someone to get them for you."
  "\"Just work your way out of poverty\""
  "as someone who works out for free with my own engineered home gym, I get where you're coming from"
 I'm not even sure how to describe that. Generally, let me get back to my previous statement: eeeeeeewwww."
  "Kartoffel takes the prize for my favorite German word. "
  "My sweet dance moves."
 Also, when a ship is leaking and you put a cork in the hole, you're going to forget about it until it's too late. "
 Basically I can date whoever I want (within legal boundaries), gender and race doesn't matter. I'll give a few examples:  Offered to buy me condoms when I need them. Bought me condoms with taste so I could learn what they tasted and looked like (I was 12 y/o). Showed me a picture of a bed she had destroyed while having sex my dad (some things cannot be un-seen). Told me I might want to buy a dildo to 'figure out what I like'.
  "Comment karma can be exchanged into Bitcoin.
  "Every morning my cat waits by my door until I wake up and take a shower and follows me downstairs. "
  "German, because it sounds angry and because all of the German I know at the moment is from Rammstein songs, South Park and films involving the Nazi's, so if I went to Germany speaking what I already know, there is a very good chance that I will be arrested/badly beaten/killed within a couple of minutes."
  "All, but as I recall there was some diminishing return going on. "
  "A midline $50 cooker will pay for itself in 6 to 7 meals."
  "Since the worker would work for $7.50 an hour, his consumer surplus is $1.25. The company believes that the worker imparts $11 per hour of value to the company, so they (theoretically) would be willing to pay anything less then $11. Every position within an organization imparts value to the organization at varying amounts, and even changes between the same position at different organizations. A fast food employee at McDonalds may bring in $15 in value while the same fast good employee at Burger King brings in $10. Some jobs will be eliminated as firms exit the market, while the wages of others will increase due to the value imparted by staff being greater then the increase. I'm just trying to expand a little bit on what he said :)"
  "Annie is cute, Alison is a bit too slutty for me with that thick eye makeup and her crazy stories about trying to fuck a gay guy straight."
 Loads of places to visit in South America."
  "Meh, even if they do something needing it, I won't be rude to wait-staff, I will just complain to the manager. Conversely, if they impress me, I will tell the manager too.. gotta be fair."
  "As a tall person, I will fully embrace the fact that I'm pretty doofy looking."
 Only took me about 3 years of working shit jobs to get where I am."
  "japanese, so i could surprise my girlfriend by saying something really pretty that doesn't work as well in english (she studied japanese in college  lived there for a while)."
  "Spanish, then I can finally get an A in my Spanish Class.
 That is why we have government support for the unprivileged to compensate. It would be an error to believe that because the privileged are more likely to succeed that in order to succeed, you need to be privileged which is what you implied."
 He should be paid according to his work and skills -- in this case it sounds like he deserves a very respectable salary. Hopefully he loves his job too. Shareholder may or may not have put up the initial investment. At the end of the day you are dealing with increasing concentration of wealth, a declining middle class, a working class in poverty, and no plan to address the issue. If you say \"just work hard as an individual and the massive societal problem will go away\" well you really haven't been paying attention, have you?"
  "If you could just give me the ability to see parts of the electromagnetic wave spectrum selectively.
 First, don't come to my house in an outfit you wouldn't want your own parents to see. I realize that dressing a certain way doesn't completely define you, but it leaves a hell of a first impression. I had a lot of trouble opening up to her, which put a strain on his and my relationship. Try to find some common ground so that when you are inevitably at my house, you and I can hold a polite conversation. Finally, and this is the most important tip I can offer: Treat my son like you actually like and care about him. The biggest way to win my affection is to make him happy and treat him well.  "
  "I would love to, but the list is generated from this thread. We sometimes have it playing on a loop in our reception area!"
  "One that feels genuine.
 I hate the look of tattoos. But I can understand why some people would like them. "
  "Never waste a boner. Never trust a fart."
  "No forgiveness needed, your post was fine, I was giving you a hard time because you cant have a different ball in 3 corners when there are only two types and all triangles have 3 sides.
  " Not even once.
  "I came here to look for this."
 Twelve men will hold back a great wave. A fire without tragedy. "
  " and take our resources  That really makes no sense. If they can overcome the energy equation that they can make it all the way to here, there is no shortage of systems for them to go to and take absolutely anything they want in the way of resources. "
  "Honestly, you're probably not going to know what it's like beforehand. The point is to try and enjoy hanging out with someone. Get to a place where you're comfortable with yourself, then try to work on your social life. Dating people kind of just progresses from there, so long as you put yourself out there."
 Your hands are on my face. Then slowly the kiss builds - you put your tongue inside my mouth softly, teasing mine. We start kissing each other a little harder now, your hands are in my hair, and we have a good rhythm. You slowly pull back a little you hold me tight to you, and end by trailing kisses down my check to my neck....
  "It doesn't change the truth.
 He's too much of a lazy idiot to run his own life. Failure will come naturally. "
 And anyone can joy dance, whites just don't get as much from it. Their forms of expression are in other areas."
  "Don't try to be a friend. \"Hey, Jenna's dad, you wanna go watch a movie?
 But still don't find it humorous.
 Our inventory system sucked anyway and I didn't have anything fancy like automatic ordering. "
 \"Hey, you, dumbass, take me for a walk. I better stick my head in and check. Don't hit me on the nose, jerk.\"  \"I get that this is your bed and you're really, really tired but I like this spot here in the middle. In fact, I think I'll sleep on my side and stretch out my leg. Ooooooh~ Nothing like a good stretch....why you looking at me like that? Just get in bed and shut the damn light off, sheesh.\"  \"See this? You see this? Here, you wanna play with it?
  "Commenting so I can use this as reference "
  "Yeah, work in progress for sure.. and it seems to always been 7 steps forward, 1 back. "
  "Make us men have super heat resilient testicles and put them in our body!"
  "I can confirm this, my French teacher is a numbskull and I'd bet she doesn't speak fluent French anyways. "
 Most people suck at them."
  "Nobody did, especially the dirty Jewbags that poisoned the wells."
 If you try really hard but still suck at your job, you still suck at your job. If you and I are on an assembly line together assembling vacuum cleaners or something and I work really hard and give my best effort but can only assemble 10 vacuums in an hour and you are really lazy and give only minimal effort but can still assemble 15 vacuums an hour you're still the best option for the company because your skills allow you to have higher production compared to the competition you face in the workforce and you could probably demand a higher wage."
  "*sigh*  Alright, let's get it over with.
  "My boyfriend waned to suck on mine and goes \"baby want milky!\" in  child voice and does this grabbing motion with his hands.
  "Big hands "
 Once your done with them, you'll look back and wonder why you complained so hard."
 I've worked in several stores in the DFW metro area as a GSTL and TM, and have never been told by our STL to do that, while it does make sense. I recently helped train a few new cashiers, and don't recall seeing that in the training manual (just instructions to be careful that all items are the same when using the quantity feature), so I'd imagine it's just something that's up to the STL or district manager. Edit: That practice does make a lot of sense though. AFAIK, my store has never had any trouble with having proper stocks of items that the quantity key is used commonly for (cans, plastics, small seasonal items). Nonetheless I may talk to our STL and see if that's something that we might want to do.  "
 I've never felt happier; however, that same memory makes me sick because I am certain she'll never look at me as anything more than just a casual friend again."
  "I read it as ,\" Shania really has some beautiful tits\" I got to get my eyesight checked."
  "I will not cuss at or around my son. I think it sounds terrible when parents cuss at their little kids."
  "Position also matters a lot, some sex positions make for more or less cervix beating."
  "I watch a lot of porn."
  "I don't have dirty fingernails but i got some nasty rough ass worker's hands.
  "I was thinking more of a casual drinkers demographic but that works too "
  "People cannot pronounce \"FAFSA\" or \"chipotle\" to save their lives it seems."
  "I like this one.
  "How much do you make a year?"
  "Eating well, *moderate* exercise, proper sleeping schedule, no smoking/drinking/drugs, and try new things. You will feel absolutely terrible if you have to change all of these at once (I should know) but at the end of the year you will be a new person and feel fucking amazing."
  "Crazy bitches could flip your switch right before you kaboom to try and get pregnant..  *shudders*"
  "Can we please have gills along with lungs?"
  "I'm a psychiatric rehabilitation counselor and I make about $27,500 a year. And by often, I mean that I had one lunch break the entire month of December. The main issue is that, working for a non-profit, they (supposedly) can't afford to pay us more. I get that it's a non-profit, but for a job that requires training, education, and experience, we really get shit pay.
 Actually coming from a country where this is the case, guess what: social stability, no working poor, safety net for people who fuck it up for a short time or in their youth (can happen to anyone)  which finally leads to a more equal wealth distributed society which then leads to less criminality and a imho mor enjoyable live and living environment. Probably i mssinterpreted your comment, but from my point of view it seems that you are not even considering this option as a possible way to do it.
  "My internet provider convinced me to purchase cable as a package that came out to less than just internet alone, so I took it. We never even plugged the cable boxes in. When the package was up, I tried to return them, and they didn't understand why I didn't want cable anymore. They kept trying to offer me special channels and I was like no, just cancel the cable. I think it took me like 20 minutes to convince them to remove the cable from my bill.
  "\"America sure does bail the other nations out a lot in times of crisis, that must be why the aliens target them first all the time!\""
 It was way easier to deal with than some grumpy cashier that can't get half my order right."
  "Oh no, I won't make it that easy for you."
 I know it probably won't work, but I really want to work at it."
 You will get a lot further being nice to them. The people on the other end of the call probably don't like their job, why should you make it any worse. "
  " Since you can't base pay on the first two variables (that'd be wage discrimination and therefore illegal), minimum wage is a fairly inefficient way to combat this issue.
 I always find myself playing sports outside with just my socks or going bare-foot while everyone else is wearing shoes. It's winter in Idaho which makes doing this hard now and gyms don't allow it, but I'll definitely look into barefoot style running shoes.
  "How I feel about it *emotionally*:   It hurts to see people who were born rich take credit for being rich, because it really doesn't do justice to the millions of hours of labor that have been put into providing the capital that educated them, fed them, enabled them to make something or provide a service. Their sweat and pain went into making the capital you now inherit. You buy a product and benefit from that chain of supply. But don't do them a discredit by wasting the opportunity to reap what they sowed. I need to know more to know what I'd vote for, but that's how I feel."
  "Hopefully people are still posting, because maybe someone can find the link for me. Something along the lines of \"Studies show when girl doesn't respond to texts it's because she's having sex with another guy\""
  "My wife was walked down the aisle by her dad to the tune of \"Bring Your Daughter To The Slaughter\" (her choice); I don't see how it can get any worse now."
  "I tell them to never, -ever-, trust an Earth politician and, if they were smart, they should destroy us while they still have the chance or live to regret it. Having said that, there are a few things we can do that are not totally fucked up, but we beg your indulgence for the inanity we call religion."
  "Just try to be really nice to people until you get to the person who can solve your issue and then you behave like a total bastard."
  "Problem with that approach is that you may well look exactly like a weak victim by being so obviously afraid and nervous. Attackers want someone who won't put up a fight.
 People run the market according to what is tradition and assumed theory when the market is so fluid you need to employ people to study just tiny areas of it. you need a clear goal based strategy and even then you're not going to get an objective answer  Hence why we see so much bloody disagreement and upright outrage when someone suggests trying something different."
  "How I feel about it *emotionally*:   It hurts to see people who were born rich take credit for being rich, because it really doesn't do justice to the millions of hours of labor that have been put into providing the capital that educated them, fed them, enabled them to make something or provide a service. Their sweat and pain went into making the capital you now inherit. You buy a product and benefit from that chain of supply. Don't do them a discredit by wasting the opportunity to reap what they sowed. I need to know more to know what I'd vote for, but that's how I feel."
  "I think you're getting some downvotes (at least when I responded) because even pro-choice people don't like even a hint of suggesting that people (particularly a specific group like the poor) should be encouraged to abort their kids. I think the whole X versus Y number of kids thing brings up a tough issue when it comes to living wages. I know if you and I were in the exact same financial situation, and I had one kid while you irresponsibly had 5, and then one day you show up with the tax man and insist that I turn over my hard-earned savings for my kid to you, I'd be furious."
 It's your immune system that helps keep it in check (that and a hormone that tells cells to die). What happens is that your immune system gets over ran, your cells mutate to not recognize the chemical \"suicide\" signal, or your immune system becomes deficient in either determining what's not a normal cell or becomes stunted in growth. Basically, your body is constantly fighting cancer, it's just that sometimes cancer gets the upper hand by means of nature or man made causes, and the body needs help in killing the part of you that doesn't want you dead, but can't help itself. Source: AML survivor 16 months post bone marrow transplant.
 I should maybe get out more.
 I saw it,  and congrats on the loss! It's so tremendous, I wouldn't recognize you from one year ago.
  " I try and look for the beauty in life  This worked for me too, although I probably wasn't going through classic depression at the time (it was more like anxiety, anger, and apathy that I attribute to closely following news - NSA spygrid revelations, Fukushima, and all the other monumentally bad news), and I wasn't even consciously looking for beauty but rather stumbled upon it, became inspired by it, captivated by it, the negative emotions went away and I had a newfound energy to do positive things. Like, it's new years eve and I could give a rat's ass about socializing, although I do have a strong urge to binge drink. It's probably best summed up in the following quote from one of my favorite movies:  \"A beautiful girl can make you dizzy, like you've been drinking Jack and Coke all morning. She can make you feel high full of the single greatest commodity known to man - promise. This particular aura can be found in the gait of a beautiful girl. In her smile, in her soul, the way she makes every rotten little thing about life seem like it's going to be okay.\""
 Just take the proxy and watch it online."
  "alright, this makes sense and lines up with my dating experience pretty perfectly.
  "I once tried to hit on a cardboard cutout of a waitress at Hooters.
  "seeing a grown human who can't cook their own food is infuriating. even the married women I work with can't really cook. i'll bring something stupid like a pasta salad to a potluck and it might as well be witchcraft. EDIT: also I think a lot of the issue is people do think it's rocket science. Like \"I need to measure out 1/8 tsp of pepper\" no you don't just fucking put some pepper on it and it'll be fine."
  "nooo i dont want to smell your poop!
  "Make a handful of phone-calls in hopes of getting some closure, and then try to deal with fate as best I can."
  "My husband has been pulling my hair out of his beard and ass for over a decade.
  "What's the issue with providing people with more options for remedies. If you want to say lying about pharmaceutical products I'd agree 100%, but simply saying \"hey I have something here that I think you would like better than what you are currently using.\" I see no issue. "
 Can I get a stamp of approval?"
 One law is that a Trinity student is allowed one free glass of port before exams provided they are wearing their sword. In Dublin if you are granted freedom of the city you can pasture your sheep on any publicly owned grassland in the city"
  "I'll get a decent amount of it back when I file, but I'm actually too young to claim Earned Income Credit. I also won't get back the decent chunk that went to Medicare and Social Security. Either way it's a struggle to support myself."
  "Money can make some people happy, but others can't find happiness with money and money is not always necessary for happiness."
 Personally as a woman, a guy being so cocky that he thinks he's god's gift to women is a huge turn off. Be buff and confident sure, but also try to be humble. Man-scaping is understandable if you fear losing your SO in the jungle that is your body hair, but a nice beard and some chest hair (to me personally) is sexy. IMO completely removing your body hair seems like an odd thing to do; it's a lot of work and pain and in my experience is done by self confessed \"ladies men\" which falls under the cocky category. When you're with me I don't want to hear you constantly boasting about how all the ladies love you and how you could get anyone you want at anytime."
  "They also often work 60 to 80 hours a week too. My friend ran an electrical contracting business for several years, he made a lot of money but he also had to work like a fiend too."
 Or I'm just bullshitting like Basil Fawlty to cover up my earlier mistakes."
  "So who gets to decide if you can reproduce or not? Who gets to make the tests? Do you think someone else should be allowed to control your ability to reproduce based on what they think a person should know?"
  "         wow                    such romance         much app                          wow"
  "Man, just don't open your mouth too wide. I hate that. Men open their jaws like anacondas going in for the kill. If my lips can't meet yours without dislocating my jaw, your mouth is open too wide. If you have a seal from my chin to my nose, your mouth is open too wide. Okay, I'll get downvotes for this because it's so bitchy, but I swear to God, so many men do this I'm like THIS IS NOT A CONTEST TO SEE WHOSE MOUTH CAN OPEN WIDER!!
 Now you can waste less time sleeping on an inconvenient schedule!"
  "Why not learn a new language with some podcasts.  "
  "*Cough* *Cough* Don't take my job, sir."
  "Yeah, its nose was unaffected."
 When i was setting mine up I asked if there was anything I had to do for the fish since there was already so much I had to do in advance for a tank.
 They put the car in park, let go of the brake pedal, dropping the entire weight of the car on the transmission, then pull the e-brake.. thus accomplishing nothing by doing so"
 Flushable wipes are the shit."
  "keep calm and......"
  "That doesn't make you better than them."
 people would not always choose to work these  jobs despite the fact they love the job.. they do it because they need to to survive."
  "\"Give it a bit of choke and it will start next time\""
 I see you don't prefer the Oxford comma."
  "flibbertigibbet (not a curse word but sounds like it could be appropriated as one)"
 Can't say that reading this didn't make me just a little sad. "
 Is there a way we can get access to total direct control functions for the autonomic systems? Base the interaction style on the eyeblink model - it's a marvel of set-and-forget technology, a real benchmark. I find the breathing model a bit too hard to snap back into autonomic control after taking it over, so maybe err a little to the other side. Some highlights I'd like access to in the next update are:  * Immune response   * Hair growth   * Pigmentation (We need a real color palette, pref. There are a great deal of available upgrades we could acquire from external vendors which would greatly improve function and user satisfaction. For example, being able to add modules like chlorophyll or luciferin to the proposed \"pigmentation\" update would improve its usefulness tenfold. Actual structures (wings, spinnerets, exoskeletal/chitinous armor, improved perception of all sorts, natural weapons) will be more difficult to integrate properly, but let's be real here - it's all written in the same base code, and you're claiming to be the primary architect of that code. I'm sure you understand how the proposed changes would improve user satisfaction in nearly all circumstances, and moreover improve business on your end immensely. Why don't you write up a proposal for required time (I hear your organization is renowned for their six-day projects) to completion, and we can start breaking it down and prioritizing from there?
  "I think the general idea of that saying is more like..  Don't work your life away chasing money instead of living in the moment, loving your friends and family, and taking time to appreciate what you actually have. Of course money makes doing things easier.
 Notice how only the 'employee' gets punished, even though the company openly recruited from there.. Do you suppose the company has to pay the last pay-cheque to someone who's been deported? Or do you suppose the company calls immigration to 'catch bad guys' before payday?"
 Example 1: My rock and roll gym partner who is legit disabled (lost a leg in a MC crash) who depends on disability and sells pot for extra money.
 I dont know how much the owner makes but i know its a petty penny. I remember a couple threads on here where welders and this guy who laid asphalt down were clearing 100k. "
  "Americans take pride in being screwed and think everyone else should get screwed too. They like to use economic jargon that they do not understand to vindicate this retarded position. And no, a $1 rise in pay does not mean your precious big macs go up a dollar. "
  "Then where did all the pump jockeys go? Why is it that at the jack in the box down the street I can order my burger up from a machine? If you raise the price of human labor, technology will replace it."
  "For some reason, I'll never call anyone fat. They can be the biggest asshole, but I'll never make fun of their weight. It just feels wrong."
  "[ her]( "I make just above the poverty line in my area and guess what, I did donate to local charities in my area. I don't have much but I will give some away to help those less fortunate because I have empathy.
 If you have any sort of intelligence in one of those places you are either a cashier or doing drive thru. Because chances are you can somewhat interact with other human beings. If you are of a lower intellect you are often cooking, which is usually just a matter of hitting buttons and moving the food, or a janitor. That was the hierarchy of the different stores I worked at. I don't like lettuce on my burgers or sandwiches. Just ruins the flavor for me. And it's one that you are timed on every order how fast you get it out. Sure they might have messed up your order but as far as corporate or the owners are concerned your burger got out in a timely manner. If they mess up just go up calmly and have them fix it. It's usually the very next thing to get made.  "
  "A living wage pays all your reasonable expenses, and leaves a bit over for you to save.
 Yeah anyone can cook an egg, but to do it 'properly' was just fucking insane."
  "[I'm sorry butt that's not "i was in the grocery store not long ago and a woman was having trouble with her son (about 4 years old). he was being obstinate and starting to get loud. i still regret not stopping to tell her she did the right thing. she probably needed to hear it.
 Now I just have to get a girlfriend... :("
  "A simple answer is if the job isn't paying a livable wage, then the product or service being produced is set at too low of a price. Raise the prices, raise the wages."
  "After the cashier at your local grocery store finishes scanning everything, you do have to pay. So while you're standing there with your thumb in your butt, maybe you could get your money ready **now** instead of waiting until everything is done being scanned."
  "Have an exit strategy. I dis-recommend their house in case they try to force her to stay.
  "Reminds of getting kicked out of class in high school for a dead kennedys patch that had a stick figure throwing swastika in the trash, people are stupid"
  "Those damned missions in Infamous and Assassins Creed where you have to follow someone. I will rip them limb from limb until they just tell me. Not creepy peeping tom high school crush missions."
  "My fellow Americans, ask not what your four hour erection can do for you - as what you can do for your four hour erection!"
  "Just try to remember that you broke up for a reason.
  " If you can't get her home on time then call me and let me know how your plans changed. Your daughter can't call you herself to say she'll be late? "
  "That's uhh... You might want to get that checked out."
  "A sad truth is that with every cure comes a new disease :/"
  "Not potentiating your drugs or alcohol with synergistic substances. eg: it always seems like a waste to drink without benzos or other GABA agonists/analogues or visa versa. Also you really shouldn't be wasting any kind of opiates without some easy-to-get OTC stuff like pomethazine or diphenhydramine. Ooooh and when people waste their drugs by administering them via methods with low bioavailabilty (I'm not advocating IV/IM or plugging) but at least sublingual/insufflation if it's going to boost the effects by a sufficient amount.   "
  "Aus, keep left, right is for overtaking"
  "Fox news, and people that follow and believe it, think it has a lot to do with the rising standards of poverty. Now even IN poverty you expect to have a cheap cell phone with no data, old beater car, health insursnce, ac/heat,  a tv of some sort so thst means flat screen hnless its 15 years old, and a host of technological advances that we DESERVE to have because our standards of what it means to be poor should always go up. \"How DARE you run the air conditioner / do something I couldnt do!\" Etc. Our standards SHOULD evolve over time, but people have a hard time not realizing that the world changes around them. Ever get $5 from grandma for your burthday?
 Also my ability to fluctuate between different skin tones. "
 (and i work in an industry that's all dudes, and very very few attractive women)"
 Besides, I've been trying to tell him to cut his hair for two months, haha."
  "\"Hey oppa look at me, just take a look at me it's the first time I've spoken like this.\"  ._.  "
  "Came here to post this"
  "When they put up one near me (the only one in the area I know of), it was literally surrounded by corn fields.
 make me then poopy pants!"
 is illegal, but couldn't a boss just use an excuse to fire them like showing up late when really they were just being racist or homophobic? How can you tell, is what I'm saying."
  "Because the other scale itself has a mass and weight, so the extra weight you apply to the other side isn't enough to overwhelm it"
  "But Cheney wouldn't make that list, nor either Bush?
  "Market pricing works right up until your local economy begins experiencing mass immigration from countries that experience, on average, a lower quality of life. IF you live in a nation that is experiencing an influx of low quality of life immigrants it's probably a good idea to introduce a minimum wage because otherwise market pricing won't take effect due to these people accepting any job for any rate. They will pack themselves into apartments, sharing the cost of rent across 20 people in one domicile. The market price won't take effect because you are essentially splitting the cost of labour across multiple persons what used to account for one person, and the same goes for their outgoings, rent, cost of living etc. TL;DR The quality of life in a market pricing environment will fall significantly if you are experiencing an influx of immigrants that are used to a lower quality of life. It's probably a good idea to encourage a minimum wage system in this kind of economy BEFORE immigration begins to significantly effect a perceived normal quality of life."
  "I get what your saying, but doesn't it create a devolving cycle of talented students going into their respective majors that truly won't have any employment options outside teaching others? Don't take this as me trying to offend these people, but it just creates individuals who produce nothing of monetary value. Its hard to survive and they need to look objectively at their future.
  "Who gets angry?"
  "I am happier, I have a straighter idea on what my hobbies are, and I know how to keep myself lookin' *fantastic*."
 You have to produce something of value, and then you get compensated commensurate with the amount of value."
  "o-o  I thought all users who post to one of the /r/unitedkingdom subreddits were just banned from every NSFW subreddit in existence.
 I used to run a lot and people always said to me that I should get a membership card from this local gym. I like to see trees and birds, breath fresh air, and enjoy my space away from people."
  "You make it sound like it's easy to just go find a high paying job. Yeah, I'm sure all those people working minimum wage can just go to college next september with all the money they've been making with their minimum wage job. Oh wait...  You get stuck in a minimum wage job, and it's extremely difficult to almost impossible to get out, depending on what else is going on with your life at the time. "
  "If it is any consolation, I am at work and my wife is at a party!  "
 If the beginning, not get suspended. If the end, probably get caught up with popular shows/future popular shows."
 It's so simple and you'll go places you've never been, nor will ever be. But then you will be..."
  "I'm a bit of a deviant though, I can only get turned on when I put a golf tee inside my urethra.
  "Honestly, I don't really mess with mine all that much."
 In the end you resent them and you don't get your own needs met.
  "Before taxes, working 40 every week a minimum wage job pays $15,080 a year. I cold make my house payments for 6 month on that amount of money"
  "Wow, send me an invite!"
  "I actually watched this on a first date with a girl that was a fan of the cartoons like me and we just laughed at how bad the movie was. "
  "I'm lucky to have a friend who is just as passionated about the same things like me and we litteraly can talk hours and hours about it!"
  "There are some people who make minimum wage working two jobs just to buy the essentials. These working poor are literally one pay away from disaster. People like this cannot afford to save. Sadly, there are far more people like this. This isn't to say people don't blow a lot of money they shouldn't on stuff that is useless.
  "Lets hope he doesn't go to hall and have to face satin."
  "Nanotechnology that automatically uses blueprints to more or less instantly fix any problems. The ability to turn off pain and replace it with warning messages."
  "I don't mind the pot, its the smoking.
  "To be fair, his estimated rent is extremely low unless you have roommates."
  "everything is fair in love and war"
  "I'm trying to learn it at the moment.
  "It is just great, until your wife finds out..."
 Getting a gun requires a background check and concealed carry you have to go through the courts. To get higher grade weapons you actually need to pay a tax and wait months for the government OK. "
  "That'll leave a mark. "
  "I love how the driver doesn't stop."
  "You will someday! "
 We have to remember to never underestimate people, even if that's hard sometimes. Knowledge is a beautiful sort of power (which can now be represented with electricity ... woah) but many people have lost sight of that due to a host of issues. The best thing we can do as humans who strive to be intelligent is to constantly improve our own knowledge and spread the love for this knowledge to those around us to the best of our ability."
 For every way they're different and not normal there's genuine love and kindness. I'll take cameras for a few months for the love they have."
  "I've always found it interesting how people can insert \"fucking\" into a lot of English words, as in \"Fan-fucking-tastic\" and is a blog post from a professor at the University of British Columbia discussing it."
  " You're meant to  Tell what page this is in the manual."
  "I really like ComicVine. It's absolutely wonderful for people who like comics obviously, its not very well known. Complete creative freedom, theres not a lot of people so its not confusing, and you can do whatever you want. I RP on there all the time, and if ANYONE reading this wants to try RP'ing on there, please feel free to message me.
 I feel sorry for anybody that makes it to adulthood without having ever experimented with how to make a boiled egg. I suppose you would also like instructions on toilet paper to tell you how many times and with what intensity to wipe your ass? There are some things that you need to learn by doing.
  "Even worse I thought jumping in the shower would help..it didnt"
  "I still don't understand why we don't learn more knots in elementary school..."
 Plane to leave island.
 The satire aspect of it goes right over their heads and that makes me a little sad."
  "Slaughterhouse Five so I could choose the best moments of my life and live in them always."
  "Never expect someone to be into you just because you poured a lot of love and favors into them. Not all that much you can do about it."
  "Wow the human race was all white with the exception of drug dealers, gangsters and rappers!
 Since there are numerous outside influences on inflation and they can't all be reasonably worked with adjusting minimums to match (but not exceed) the rate of inflation would be an appropriate response."
  "Some good ol' laser beams on my shoulders"
  "My name isn't Mark, and why the hell are you talking like Tarzan"
  "I touristed in DC also this past summer but to be honest, even in Belgium where I've lived for at least 10 years, they do this on all escalators and moving walkways. Seems like common courtesy to me, not just a location particular thing."
 They were giant miners that started to run out of room and began to shrink at the mercy of their god(s)?"
  "This is a complaint I seldom hear men complain about their girlfriends. "
 Say you live somewhere where the cheapest place available is $1,000. Yes, those places exist. Where I'm from that might get you a crummy basement studio, and I'm not even from anywhere wealthy. Okay, so rent is 1,000. That doesn't include utilities, so let's say you pay $200 a month for electricity, gas, water, and trash. Add another $100 for gas to get to and from work, and another $100 for car insurance. Better hope you don't have a kid, because you can't afford to feed yourself now. However, that doesn't mean changes don't have to be made."
 If it has to do with romance, man, I flee like a terrified rat on a sinking ship"
 Every person that uses this line of reasoning should be rounded up and ...
 Took me 7 years but I finished my undergraduate degree and found a corporate job which has paid for me to go back and get my MBA. It wasn't quick or easy but I now have a well paying job and was able to move up. Just keep moving forward.  "
 I have friends that drive $50,000 cars and bitch like crazy about how the poor are robbing them. "
  "How many people do you see doing this wrong?"
  "Yea sorry im just too lazy to get a link. Besides I dont know how to write text and make it into a link. "
 A very, very confused looking man was at the wheel and a somehow even more distraught woman in the passenger seat. Combined age at least 170.
  "I hear that. What kills me is the guy who has to take a break every thirty seconds to check up on your progress, like you're filling a power meter in a game. \"Did you cum yet?\"  \"How about now?\"  \"Did that get you?\"  \"Are you going to cum soon?\"  \"Was that an orgasm?\"  Jesus."
  "When I made the comment I had in mind a physical switch, like a fleshy light switch.
  "There's not really any air up there, the walls of a vagina are closed when nothing is poking up there. It's also quite muscular, which is why it can be tight and uncomfortable if a woman isn't relaxed and turned on for sex.
 She playfully hits you, so you playfully tickle her sides... She fucking screams.
 It's like \"HEY EVERYONE, LOOK AT ME, I AM IN MY FERTILE PHASE!!
  "People who say they want to have a relationship with you but won't make any time. Was talking to this girl who was really into me and said she wanted to spend time, get to know me, etc. but every time I tried to make plans or even took a night off work to hang out she just made up some excuse."
  "I wrote a solid second draft of the novel I'm hoping to sell in 2014. It's not done yet, but at least I have *some* hope that I can make it as a published author now."
 Took about 2 hours to make me walk."
  "Replace all bones and teeth with carbon nanotubes.
  "luggage carousel at the air port. everyone take ONE big step back and we can all see our luggage and grab it when it comes. Everyone dry humping the ramp is only making it impossible for everyone else.
  "It's not so much an issue of mathematics but rather an issue of the capitalist system. In a capitalist system, the price a person pays for a good is $material + $labor + profit (a fact that we are all familiar with.) We can control the value of each component to a certain degree of freedom. Material cost is not quite as flexible but we can bargain with suppliers, look for cheaper alternatives, etc. The gray area is labor cost. If we, as a whole, won't buy burgers and fries that are below a certain cost, then the fast food place will have to cut prices. The owner can only do so much about material cost and he must have profit as an incentive to stay in business so the place to cut would be labor. Society's demand for cheap fast food has translated to lower wages for the burger flipper. Raising the minimum wage is a moral/ethical concern with *economic* effects, something that I have no idea where to start with. Edit 1: I should mention that I think that the national minimum wage should be enough to be above the national poverty line and the state minimum wage above the state poverty line.
  "I was snowboarding and on top of a box, and I fell back. I hit the ground head first and blacked out. Always wear a helmet kids. "
  "I can't comment in this thread cause I don't got money to pay with *wait... oh shit*"
 Action scenes were filmed where I live, and I saw a bunch of the filming."
  "The level in sonic adventure 2 where you are Rouge the bat in the bank vaults.
  "I worked at McDonalds and You dont need to be 16, i couldve done it when i was 9 which is when i started wanting a job so i could buy video games.
 Out of some other pretty eventful NYEs, none of them come close to the Yacht Party. Honorable mention to 2007, when my friend hired strippers for his (sausage) party and one of them gave me a five star slurpjob for like $20 worth of blow."
  "TL;DR: Girls should stop caring about celebrities and find some actual interests. "
 holds up spork my name is katy but u can call me t3h PeNgU1N oF d00m!!!!!!!! lolas u can see im very random!!!! thats why i came here, 2 meet random ppl like me _ im 13 years old (im mature 4 my age tho!!) i like 2 watch invader zim w/ my girlfreind (im bi if u dont like it deal w/it) its our favorite tv show!!! shes random 2 of course but i want 2 meet more random ppl =) like they say the more the merrier!!!! lolneways i hope 2 make alot of freinds here so give me lots of commentses!!!! love and waffles,  t3h PeNgU1N oF d00m"
  "Not if they set exemptions correctly."
  "I loved Jedi Knight II: Jedi Outcast, though I thought some of the puzzles were unreasonably difficult. Still, the game play and combat were really excellent, especially for its time."
  "I drive an '89 Honda civic wagon with three different paint colors.
 I broke up with a girl I loved more than anything because no matter how hard I tried, I just couldn't make it work. I tried for 6 months to make it work. And thought that by putting it off I was giving us a chance to fix things.
  "A friend of mine called that noise a \"blarf\". It's stuck with me, so now when my cat makes that noise I reply by saying \"blarf\" right back at her.
 cause.. well freaking play it it's 12years old now. once you play it then it's obvious.
  "\"Kill people, burn shit, fuck "Have you tried Memrise?
 Having a 3 year old translate gets old "
  "Being able to completely support each other, no matter what. Being able to trust each other completely, and respecting that trust."
  "Explains why we call you Mass-holes"
  "\"I have to go check on the kitties to see if they're as thirsty as I am.\"  He then ran away and passed out at the top of the stairs.
  "I think parenting is hard for those that aren't willing to face the reality that their life has to significantly change focus. Once you accept the responsibility that raising a child is now permanently part of your life and that everything must come second to that, it's not *hard* - it just *is*.
  "I always try to be sarcastic but I look to serious to pull it off. Like if I sarcastically pretend to be offended by something people will really think my feelings are hurt and then I'm stood there feeling like an idiot who was just trying to make a joke..."
  "I didn't even say what spanks do to a person. The guy just threw out two random studies that had nothing to do with the corresponding discussion of the thread."
  "Someone likes it wet;)"
 Let's pretend that writing didn't exist for a split second. Why would it matter if you inserted a velar plosive /k/? It's not as though we import vocabulary and keep a particular pronunciation all the time. Pronunciation shifts all the time, and some people regularize words they encounter.   "
 (we used to have a DnD circle in Texas)  The person forewarned me that I might be contacted for a call asking about my knowledge of my friend. I either didn't get this call or I missed it. It sounds very much like getting hired for Apple, Inc, where I used to work with her husband, so I wasn't too miffed.
 edit: my stomach hurts from laughing, please help"
 I'm a good leader too, if many people get removed, we may need new ones soon."
 Also, I always mix up chlorophyl and chloroform, so this was kinda confusing to me."
  "Nope a partly it was the same 'drug' just one was brand name the other wasn't.
  "Let's call \"high\" 119,000 USD annually. I advance technology through my research at a top engineering institution.
  "Thought I read something recently that said that if you wipe more than four times on average per poop, then you are at a higher risk of colon cancer. "
 Turbulence ends, coming back to reality, realize I am gripping the armrest on one side and the bikers hand on the other side. He didn't even say anything about it hahaha. I just let go of his hand and breathed a sigh of relief. Tldr: biker guy let me a guy, hold his hand for a few minutes while I thought the plane was going down."
 I approach people I have a issue with before stuff gets worse."
 I have to pay for worker's compensation insurance for you. With ObamaCare I have to pay for some of your health insurance. If you do the math, even hiring you full time at $10/hr, you might take home around $20k, but $30k came out of my pocket. Increasing everyone from $7/hr to $15/hr would make the cost of having an employee go up from around $20k a year to almost $45k/yr. Then we will really have mega corps taking over"
 I'm walking through -30 degree temperatures to pay a $500 heating bill.
  "I don't know why, but babies and kids absolutely love me. It makes you look good in front of girls though.
  "It is an expensive vacation, even if you go minimalist. I'm lucky, my husband's work allows us to go every year; we have the infrastructure and transportation set. 13 years in a row so far. Regionals can be terrific too though, just that the big burn is unlike anything else.
  "If you're interested in music I'd love to give some pointers! You'll get a better idea of rhythm, tempo, melodies etc. *  When picking an instrument you would like to learn, decide by the sound they make, the type of music they play (If you like Jazz you should consider trumpets or saxophones, not a harp for example. Don't pick an instrument because it's easy, or because it's cheap. You won't be as passionate and won't put in the time dedication needed. On average 30 minutes a day is the 'recommended' amount for good, steady progress on any instrument. There will definitely be days where you don't want to pick up your instrument and play. It helps if you genuinely like hearing your instrument and playing it. It seems like a good alternative to just learn by reading books or using a CD. You will have questions and begin to question your technique. That's where a teacher can correct any problems you have, and they will always lead you to making better music."
  " By the way, we also think it's rude to text or otherwise stare into your smartphone during face-to-face conversations or while sharing a meal with someone (this is coming from someone who is fully immersed in today's technology but also can discern between right time / wrong time). Don't blame our generation, and on that note maybe we don't care if you guys think some outdated sexist traditions are important to 'people of your generation?' A lot of your post was spot on but you just went off into generational bashing bullshit at the end."
 :)  Find a nice balance between getting out more and staying home in supersoft PJs, and you'll be all set!"
  "\"Where are people that have seen instances where hard work =/= success? Full time job, I do doubles, set up sales, fix everything that needs to be fixed. I've gone through only two jobs and have been with one place on and off for over a decade. The one person causing the most problems where I work is getting promoted. When I initially left, I was head of all departments. So, no, hard work doesn't equal success.
  "When people play 'the game' of ignoring/not following through with plans. Instant turn off."
 The second day you might have headaches, slight fever, but don't give in. Everyone is a little bit different so your mileage may vary but in my experience the first two days are the worst, it gets better after that."
 Swearing in another language has always seemed ridiculously fancy to me."
  "learn how to save it and spend it wisely."
 She walked into The Body Shop in Toronto, Canada and saw Robin Williams buying hand lotions.
  "Despite the constant complaining, the fact is most people are competent drivers - well, competent enough to not hit other things.
 I remember reading about this years ago when I got fed up with seeing/hearing this line as well. Yes, the correct use of the sentiment is 'couldn't care less' (unless you DO actually care about it), however the phrase 'could care less' is apparently a contraction of some old marketing campaign from the US (like I said, read it a long time ago) which if you say the whole thing means the same as the negative sentiment, its just that over the years it got shorter and most people don't realise where it came from. EDIT: Had a quick look, can't find the link. Seems its been like this since the mid 1900's or so.
 I highly recommend you consult with a decent accountant if you don't already have one, because they can help with tax planning and recommend legit strategies to maximize the tax impact when you eventually close. The manner in which you dispose of assets and handle any carryforward losses, basis, etc. can make a difference if you plan ahead."
 There's plenty of well-educated people who can't get jobs in their fields and end up resorting to minimum wage jobs. Not all degrees are worth the paper they're printed on. I wish I could major in Mario Kart and make 6 figures. But I suppose you're fine with those people struggling to make ends meet as well. Because they want to drive a nice car/the bus isn't good enough?
 Major turn off"
  "\"if you don't take your seat,  how can you have any pudding?\" "
  "If Dexter would kill them, I'd want to kill them.
  "They don't like being reminded of their inferiority."
  "Well, I'm not saying I personally disagree or agree with you, but according to u/skftw he was paying his way through a community college at those wages and it sounds like he was able to make time. It's like you didn't read his post..."
  "Tits and ass are external, they have form that you can see regularly and compare between people. I definitely notice tits and ass more, because I look at those more. Even for pussies I see regularly, I often don't get a chance to really sit there and look at it, which isn't the case for other things. I definitely do notice (and compliment) taste more than appearance.
  "Yeah and then ask you to pick up the check Mr Moneybags."
 Do you include renting a house with multiple people?"
 I hate that I feel that way, but anything more than a 50/50 gum to tooth ratio is just so unappealing I can't get past it. They always have the biggest smiles too, where the lips move out of the way to show every inch of the gums."
  "Also in Kentucky, If you challenge someone to, or have fought a duel, you can't hold elective office; hence, the *non*-challenge in the Legislator a few years ago. *EDIT*: Apparently, [you can't even act as a Chivalry is doomed in Redneckistan!"
  "Somehow make it so i don't have to wipe my butt."
  "[Bush Or Gore: 'A New Era reflection of how indistinguishable the candidates can seem sometimes."
  "And I was sarcastic the post made me chuckle thank you"
  "Looks like her \"trade mark\" is a success if so many people are annoyed by it."
  "how about just get rid of mental illness. seems like if any one thing was going to operate correctly in the body, it should be the one thing that controls everything else...      "
 However, it also houses a centralized law area including federal laws, state laws, and some international laws. The US state laws listed on the site are printed verbatim (I'm sure that some of the state laws are probably out of date - if you do know of an out-of-date law on the site, you can contact the administrator and let her know and it will be fixed). In addition, links are provided on the law pages so that people can look up the exact wording of the law themselves. FWIW, the administrator on the site has a good track record of successfully assisting people who are seeking access with ESAs in housing, which is why I provided the link to that page."
  "The issue is the wage compared to the cost of living.
 Unfortunately with a reddit thread of this size and age there's basically no chance in hell a new top comment will get significant upvotes. "
  "Just make us Space-Marines please. I need to be able to spit acid, I NEED IT.
  "I think you read the thread title backwards."
 [Japanese is ranked as the hardest common language for English speakers to learn by the US state imported words aren't necessarily obvious. Would an english speaker just starting to learn know what a wappo is?
  "Technically.... but I see your point. I didn't expect a sequel because of how the books are done, but after watching that scene, I feared (and kinda hoped) they would attempt to. "
  "The problem is that when you raise the price of something fewer people will buy it. Raise it enough and nobody will buy it."
  "My mom loves everyone.  "
  "So glad to hear this because my voice is not a little girl voice. It seems to me that is what men like though "
  "we waste so much, imagine how much money we could make if we sold all the jizz we jizz."
  "Most pully exercises at the gym...you are not supposed to slap on all that weight and then swing you whole body down to do the exercise.  "
 Those things look fucking stupid. "
  "Wouldn't Rhaegal make more sense, though?"
  "He edges close to me and smiles a little, leans down and brushes my lips lightly with his. Then he presses in and opens his mouth a bit, and his lips softly meld with mine. He puts his hand on the back of my head to pull me in to his mouth, presses more firmly but still with soft lips and there is a little more tongueplay before he slowly drags his lips apart from mine. He looks at me and smiles again, looking me in the eye, kisses me again like that, pulls back enough, teasingly, that I lean forward to chase his mouth with mine, and he chuckles happily at my eagerness as he leans toward me to give me yet another of those delicious slow savoring kisses."
 Liberals are elitist pricks who think themselves above everyone else, when they are above no one. Conservatives lack this superiority complex, and it is this behavior that leaves us standing on top."
  "I recognize this post is fairly later, but have you thought about **forging a partnership** here instead of reinventing the wheel on all the legwork to get your ideas up and running *on top of* the base level groundwork that you've identified Khan Academy has in placed successfully (and presumable QA tested, etc)? I like the idea, but I would hate to have it be bogged down by a barrier to entry or startup costs (wheter it be energy, person-hours, or capital)."
 If you can (money and space-wise), stock up on *anything* that doesn't go bad, which you use regularly. Never pay full price if you can avoid it. "
  "\"I would walk 500 miles, and I would walk 500 more, just to be the man that walked 1000 miles to fall down at your door.\"   Why would you want to collapse on the door step of some woman's house?"
  "New study shows babies are dumb..  Runner up:  Archaeologists discover ancient race of skeleton people."
  "\"$200 for an hour and all I got was one pop off in 10 min, fuck you lazy ho.\""
  "I take a new route to work every day. It has helped me get to know so much more of my city and beat traffic in the morning! "
  "It was just a simple goal, but its gone and nothing can be done about it. I'm a big boy, it's not like you ruined reddit for me. "
  "It's like when I was stuck behind a stopped UPS truck a few days ago. I was sitting with my signal on but 7 different cars just went around me and didn't let me by, effectively reversing our order on the street. Joke's on them though, 2 blocks later they were all blocked by a car turning left and I got in front of all of them again."
  "My current workout is:  Day 1 - 30 minutes on treadmill, 3x25 situps with variations, 3x25 pushups w/variations, as many pull ups as I can do (not many). When it is nice out, I run a 5k instead of the dreadmill. Day 2 - upper body lift, all free weights - vertical shoulder press, standing flies, standing rows, overhead lat extension, bicep curls, lat extensions, dumbbell press. Either rinse and repeat 5 days, or mix in p90x DVDs to sub for cardio or strength portions. P90x yoga on Saturday, p90x stretch on Sunday. My meals are really boring but I don't mind boring food. Every Sunday night, I fill my foreman with chicken, pork, or beef and dice it all up to throw into wraps, salads, omelettes, quesadillas all week. I also make boring stir fry. Little shot of olive oil, stir fry meat, bag of frozen stir fry veggies. Top with soy sauce, sometimes I'll do brown rice if I had a low calorie day already. Ditch the mayo, ranch, etc, and stick with mustard. Also, protein shakes and fruit.
 It'll save me from losing so many pins =P"
  "protip for when you do decide to use that horrible horrible flash on your point and shoot (for photos of people/pets, not aquariums): Grab a napkin or even a thin cotton shirt and cover the flash with it (but not the lens silly). This will diffuse the light a little bit and make it appear \"softer\" on your subject and way less point-and-shooty"
 Language is pretty cool in that it's fairly organic in the way it develops. If this is something you're interested in and you're in college/university, you should try to take an intro to linguistics class at some point. "
 Reading will improve your writing so much. Freshman in HS I didn't read for shit, but after reading a lot during sophomore and junior year (what I'm currently in), my writing has improved 10 fold. I know that school was definitely a part of it, but I was expelled during sophomore year and just read the whole time.  "
 /u/gangnam_style is merely quoting the amazing movie The Big Lebowski, which reddit loves (for damn good reason).
  "Most of the time when that happens, they received downvotes when the post was new."
  "Holy shit that sounds like an eventful day.
  "Yes, he makes some good points. I often wonder why people think that hiring someone to do a job is an agreement to provide a certain standard of living. It's an agreement to provide a fixed amount of money in exchange for labor. "
 If a board could hire some minimum wage worker to become CEO and not affect the company, they'd DO IT. I know you're not trying to create an equivalence there, but I'm trying to remind you of the topic at hand; there are far fewer people meeting the qualifications of CEO than grocery clerk. "
  "Latin is a lot different then say italian, french or spanish, think of latin words like 'quoque' 'semper' only some are carried through and the grammar is even more unalike, but ofcourse you coupd understand all these awesome quotes and ancient texts"
  "I must confess I didn't see the first of the spiderman reboot (reboot?).
  "I have bigger feet, And I'm always so nervous about the response I'll get from guys."
  "The ability for humans to play in the long term. This world would be in such a better place if we all planned 20+ years in the future. "
  "Where do you get your dog's?
  "You acquire dragon talons."
  "There is nothing \"equal\" or \"level\" about a school having a quota, and giving a spot to a black weak student over a qualified white one.
 i'm taking too long to put on my shoes and he really needs to go out to pee. I can just feel the sass in his tone."
  "One of my girlfriend's dogs wakes me up by walking on me then just stares at me with a toy in his mouth and breathing on my face "
  "Ox blood soup, ox tail soup, a lot of things from Korea are strange but yummy.
 Then I'd graffiti everywhere."
  "A large paperback medical reference book full of colorful pictures of pills and descriptions of their effects. I would like to think the previous hotel guest was a cute young nursing student, but deep down I knew that the rathole Inn in Williston North Dakota probably didn't see many nurses. More than likely a drug addict."
  "I'll take citations from economists over reddit anecdotes, thanks. "
  "What I'm saying is, with some accents, Patty and Paddy sound *exactly the same. * It doesn't matter if it's Pat-T or Pad-D, some people pronounce them the same due to having a certain accent. Think like their, there and they're.
 Dr pepper or cherry coke?"
  "[I lost 32 pounds in 15 days and "bugs, weeds.
 If you can't survive on $7 dollars an hour, then it doesn't matter if it's 7 dollars an hour, or 0 dollars an hour, making \"minimum\" irrelevant. There isn't a single state in the United States in which you can afford a 2 bedroom apartment on minimum wage working 40 hours a week. I understand you were able to survive at 18 with no dependents and some roommates, but so many people that work minimum wage jobs aren't 18 year olds, but middle aged people with families. So keeping people in a state of poverty, or near poverty, making it near impossible for them to break the cycle. I would also like to know when you did this, because the costs of living for an 18 year old have risen significantly over time. I get your point, but it seems like your argument is filled with a lot of misconceptions."
  "Waiting for everyone to get up from their naps so we can get ready to go to my auntie's house. Plus I want a full battery on my phone so I'm on my laptop instead of watching stuff on Netflix."
  "To a white person: What's it like to be recognized (correctly or incorrectly) as the superior race?"
  "In line with my new year resolution to be kinder and gentler towards retards, rather than make you labour through whole sentences of words here is my measured response.
  "6 and 6, typically tapping out the beat to whatever I'm listening to, left foot hits the bass drum"
  "i dont know if you would call me buff, but i do have strong muscles!!"
  "What the hell is the matter with you?"
  "I also only drink water and skim milk.
  "I secretly love popping mine...
  "When they screamed after I hit the generator it made me shit myself. On my first try on ire adrenaline I just ran and by the grace of god, I hit the door at the end of the hallway without dying.
  "I find my body pretty hot on good days, it's a motivation to stay in shape. I mostly like my face but don't feel the same about it, so it's not like I want to fuck myself in that way. When I feel fat and ugly I don't want anything to do with sex."
 I'm send you lots of internet hugs and love."
  "Why yes, I am like you!
 There are these things called blind spots and this thing called shoulder-checking.
 Solution is what contacts are put in to keep them moist."
  "I managed to kill that off too :( RIP"
  "*I am doomed to remember a boy with a wrecked voice  not because of his voice, or because he was the smallest person I ever knew, or even because he was the instrument of my mothers death, but because he is the reason I believe in God; I am a Christian because of Owen Meany.
  "Reddit... oh yeah, I used to post there. "
  "The Constitution grants \"life, liberty, and the *pursuit* of happiness\", not guaranteed happiness or the achieving of the 'American Dream'. That being said, not everyone should automatically *deserve* a job that provides a livable wage if they don't have the skills, ability, or drive to earn it."
 Nothing like some good ol' long pig to fulfill those post apocalyptic dietary requirements!
 It's fancy because British people say it."
  "How about some skin that doesn't burn?
  "My cat will run up to greet me when I get home from work, and follow me around as I take in the trash. He'll also follow me when I walk downtown, which gets problematic when we end up too far from home. He'll stop and meow in the most pitiful way until I walk him back home and put him inside."
  "This is seriously one of my favorites of all time, I look at it whenever I am feeling down. "
  "This is great, but I'm pretty sure OP can roast his own beans."
  "you aren't supposed to... it doesn't make sense, person had too much to drink."
 Football games are fun as "In the business world (I've been a hiring/firing manager) you can fire someone for a legitimate reason like showing up late to work and have ulterior motives, there's not much that can be done about it. There's really little that can be done about that, however, people can and do file suits for wrongful terminations all the time and claim racial or other bias. When I had to fire people, we had to make damn sure everything was well documented that they had problems with attendance/performance, they had received write-ups (we even did suspensions, i.e.
 Sucks for those who do parkour and then break all their joints. And to just heal better. When people get screwed up in the face, as far as i know it rarely heals. Unless it is something like food or dying, people rarely take action. You see we are now gods of light.
  "I'm actually not doing too badly, though today has been slow enough I've been working reddit like it's my job."
  "Someone submit a bug report. Maybe they'll fix it in the next update. "
  "You enjoy fulfilling your rights under the 1st ammendment? "
 I'll make sure to remember this from now on!"
  "That looks like it's going to be great! Not to mention space travel and wormholes fascinate me! "
 turn her into a spanish Lara Croft but with an actual personality, scarred by the untimely capture and murder of her beloved monkey friend Boots. she goes around the world looking for clues that will lead her to a classic showdown against her betrayer...... dun dun dun ... Swiper!
 He is the kind of person I want to be when I'm an adult, and I want my kids (when that time comes) to be like him. "
  "Leather that was tanned with nontoxic chemicals can be boiled and eaten"
 I bought him some oils to put it in to keep his skin from drying out and his beard lookin shiney and clean!
  "Korean, simply to watch Korean films."
 At any point he can CHOOSE to regenerate into a ginger.
  "22nd and pike, Chacho burritos makes up for it all!"
  "She was surprisingly calm about that"
  "Aliens abduct you and teach you the secret handshake."
  "Awkward thing is the side changes in certain countries... Down in the Antipodes they all stand on the left.
 My dad used to always take me to Alton Towers and would win all the toys and teddys I wanted!..such good times.
 So, running it will be!"
 Consulting fees, patent license fees, expert witness fees, and my sideline businesses are separate.
  "The \"The Room\" clip is welcome"
  "Dexters Laboratory, mad scientist living in his parents house with his obnoxious sister can get pretty dark....."
 Relevant: sprong it like those little springs that save walls from doors. When I was a kid I used to put my glasses on it like it was a little face sometimes. Professor Penis or something like that."
 A single, healthy adult can easily get by working 40 hours a week full time. Do you \"overpay\" the single healthy  individual to make sure that the people with living problems are OK? Do you pay people more based on their status?"
  "This should be the top thing on this list."
  "I used to drink and drive all the time. I would go to my local watering hole, drink until I got my fill and then drive and drive and drive. I eventually even started to drink WHILE I was driving. I would drink a 6 pack of beers while listening to Bruce Springsteen on the back roads of my hometown more than twice a week. I'd even stop to piss on the side of the road with no worry in the entire world. One night, I decided to go to the bar with a couple friends and then decided to drive one of them home while I had a .27 BAC. I merely rolled through a stop sign and was nabbed by a state trooper. Once you enjoy something and know you can get away with it, you think you're Superman until the long dick of the law penetrates... your ass and your wallet. "
 But this is assuming, of course, that they can manage to get everyone on board with the idea."
 In aus people some how get their hands on fireworks. Depends on your family but a lot of us get smashed. Americans seem to love their partying.
  "That is why we have government support for the unprivileged to compensate. So why is it the taxpayer's burden to subsidize minimum wage and not the employer? It would be an error to believe that because the privileged are more likely to succeed that in order to succeed, you need to be privileged which is what tuba_man implies.
 I feel like I'd be too focused on my wrist hurting  than the fist in my vagina."
  "[Point/Counterpoint \"My computer totally hates "Take a computer class of some kind.
  "If I can feel your breath when I'm trying to type in my PIN number at a grocery store, you're going to get an \"accidental\" head butt.
  " play games like soccer when we kick it    thought it was snowing but I'm just the coldest motherfucker out here  Also the infamous potty line"
  "I love supernova XD and cherry coke. However I like  strawberry soda and  Dr pepper. "
  "Who gives a shit about downvotes when you have gold?"
  "Was this like a free-form poem?"
  "Out 37 and 70 seems to have these like this, I was out there two days ago and was what the fucking all the way through"
  "Strange but recently I dislike the people I never cared for more intensely while finding some I never noticed before for extremely likable."
  "I prefer one night stands over friends with benefits. "
 Kind of a waste of time if you ask me."
  "Eradicating all trace of religion from government worldwide. "
  "People who side with the others that want to pay people less, don't think about the future. How they will be affected by wage increases right now. They also seem to think that just because they were able to get themselves through community college that anyone can. People need to understand that if a government doesn't help balance these inconsistencies between its peoples than the ones born stronger than the others (naturally or by inheritance) will take advantage of the ones born weaker. In a America the weaker are a nuisance, no matter where you are on the totem pole. So culturally we've set ourselves up for failure. What surprises me is that the human beings with huge ambition want to be wealthy first, philanthropists later. And aren't even remembered for very long after they're gone. Evolution is a strange thing, why we decided to put greed into the mix will always confuse me."
 So, if a white teacher has 20 years of teaching experience, and a First Nations individual applies for the same job, The First Nations person WILL get that job as long as they have a teaching degree, even if they have no experience whatsoever.
  "my cat, gabbie, nuzzles her nose into things when she's kneading. "
  "Keep sleep, get rid of having to shit. "
  "I work with people that do this so they can Google Facebook in order to log in. "
  "Yes, \"perks\", like being incarcerated at 10 times the rate of whites (and for twice as long) for the same \"drug war\" crimes. \"Perks\" like Jim Crow and free fire hosings.
  "It's okay, he/she will be here all week.
  "How about the giant shell on the Titan's back in the first God of War? Try to figure that shit out without a guide or a friend to tell you what to do, I dare ya"
 There is no minimum wage, but everyone is guaranteed a livable income, which they get via income supplements from the government *if* they are working a job that doesn't provide a living wage (but not if they're jobless). The jobs that aren't worth the minimum wage get done (giving some benefit), and unemployment and poverty fall through the floor."
 I don't see you providing links to answer to this question.   "
  "I was born in a house my father built...
 Then he gets mad because I start laughing at him.
 Generally it's a defense mechanism against inadequacy, and can lead to some seriously messed up situations."
  "Never shop hungry, and buy ingredients you will use. Shop on the periphery of the store for most of your food.
 I'm walking down the street and slip on your driveway because it was icy? She wasn't hurt in the slightest, told us and her mom so, and weeks later decided she was hurt after talking to a lawyer.
  "I thought celery had no nutritional value; like iceburg lettuce."
  "When washing the dishes, wash the dishes"
  "You must live in a dry county. I live in FL and I can buy liquor on Sundays where I live."
  "Then they just won't hire people for jobs that don't make enough back to cover that. No company that is going to stay afloat is going to pay someone $15/hr to do something literally anyone could do stoned and half-asleep, especially if the value of that work is only around $6/hr or less."
  "I have worked in a few offices as a work study in college. If you can use Office (mostly word and outlook), and you have basic common sense you should be fine."
  "technology will replace human labor no matter what the minimum wage is. "
  "Women who get along with my friends though!
 Can you imagine trying to pull your pants up.....or just trying to grab a dime off the floor.  "
 I like smooth, soft skin and I've heard that asians have really soft skin, so I'd like to touch and see for myself.
 Having no respect for the fact that people need to make a living doesn't make you a capitalist, it makes you scum. Those jobs SHOULD pay enough for someone to at least make a decent wage."
  "Don't speak out against alcohol or weed unless you want to get downvoted like craaazy"
 Because it is so similar to French it can be considered a dialect so I get a twofer."
  "I stole a peach from the produce aisle and ate it.
 I try not to get too excited when grinding out on the dance floor to not be a creep/loser but I guess its not always a bad thing."
  "That's really funny even in my sober state of mind"
  "...I would actually watch this..."
  "easy solution, the old [one wipe "Did anyone ever play SW: Force Commander?
  "National Funk Congress Deadlocked On Get Up/Get Down "What made you decide to change in 2014?"
  "I think we're all a bit like that at the moment.
 Which sounds pretty horrible, but once you take your mind of the actual thought of eating it..it tastes good!"
  "Post pictures of attractive female celebrities to /r/Celebs and /r/gentlemanboners and reap that sweet, sweet link karma."
  "The precious moment you cross the Mass border it is fucking chaos. Passing going 90mph on the right/preferring to pass on the right on a empty highway for no fucking reason, extreme tailgating, no signals, never letting anyone in. Everyone wants to get to where they are going so just chill the fuck out and stop chugging Dunkin Dougnts and listen to techno while driving. "
  "My dog (a chihuahua/somesortofterrierprobably) loves children. It's great, because even though I have none of my own, I have multiple nephews and a niece. Suki would grab her feet, or slap them with a paw. Most of my nephews are around one year old, and one of them is just to the stage where he can mostly sit up by himself. He loves to grab onto things...especially dog ears. You see where this is going? Suki doesn't care though, and if she gets her ear free for a moment she turns around and sneaks in a french kiss with the little dude. He's a strong enough little boy that a little dog spit won't hurt him now."
  "ever see equilibrium? something like that"
  "I gotta try that one of these days.
  "get fired because he can't fix his car to get to his job that he needs the paycheck from to fix his car."
  "It never seizes to amaze me!"
  "Assuming you somehow found a minimum wage job that gives you 40 hours a week every week (good luck with that). You would only make $1256 per month before taxes. 300 Rent + Utilities (1 or 2 roommates) 150 - 200 Food 70-100 Gas  (this is only driving 400-500 miles a month with a 25mpg car so basically only to work / grocery store) 100 Car payment / maintenance budget 50-100 Car insurance ( Depending on Driving record) 30-70 Health Insurance (probably with a 6-7k deductible hope you don't get sick !) This is already at $900 a month and doesn't include clothes / internet / furniture / a bed / netflix / entertainment / oil changes / car registration / car inspections etc. So sure if you do nothing but go to work and back and sit in your apartment( with 2-3 roommates) and stare at the wall you can live on minimum wage ! (assuming you actually get 40 hours a week.)"
  "Special Olympics tee-ball tee pitches perfect game. "
  "I know a very good source of eye bleach if you need any. "
 Just easier to do a one stop and move on?"
  "Damn, I love that smash bros gif!"
 I know and can feel the build up before he orgasms every time.
  "Yes, this is about what I can do before the new year."
  "What makes you think it isn't happening right now?"
  "I would say the point of life is to make an impact on the world and to be remembered after your death."
  "The story of daughter 2's engagement sounds like inconsiderate behavior on her part, not his."
 And all I can say is that me and my co-workers try harder to help polite customers. ( even if I am being payed for it, I am not payed to be abused, my bosses own words)"
 Driving lanes are like that. Completely forgot about that, I was thinking of a standard 2 lane road where you walk against the traffic, on the right, but cycle and drive on the left. "
 I work retail and need it almost every day. And will be a teacher, where it will be incredibly useful.
  "I've worked many manual labor jobs, it turns out if you lift heavy shit all the time you get a strong back. It is much more involved to squat down and then try to engage your whole lower body just to pick up a box when you can bed down and grab it quick and put it where it needs to be. Thirdly, it just hurts your knees instead of your back. Lastly it is much more tiring and uses a lot more energy; and when you are tired after lifting shit all day, you just don't give a fuck about lifting with your legs."
  "Because some people have no understanding of what some jobs are truly like so they pass off quick judgement on how much a person working the job should make."
  "he put his disease in me"
  "A student loan is, comparatively, very low interest. The average credit card is 24% vs 6-12 for student loans"
  " everyone should aspire to go far above and beyond a job like that into a meaningful career  There are only so many career jobs out there, however. "
  "In a democracy politicians elected are public servants, they work for us so it would take a national vote."
  "Don't fuck up, and if you do, it may affect more than just you."
  "Yep, the massive increase in productivity has been passed along to consumers right? In almost every product that I can think of that isn't outsourced to cheap labor, prices still seem to rise and for food, sizes get smaller per unit. All of this market based theory goes flying out the door everytime I pay a bill or go to the store. Corporations have done a masterful job keeping these gains limited to shareholders  The US stock market rose about 30% this year.
 Maybe I really could care less and I want you to know that though I currently care very little, it would be possible for me to care even less. "
  "I love \"Braciosauri\".
 You can learn katakana in about a week, if you're dedicated.
  "You accept the system but you'll never change the system. Thanks for all the free thinking your education gave you. "
  "When a guy touches or looks at my asshole during foreplay.
  "I have to tuck it around my nuts or my nuts hold it up too high."
  "You can access the internet at the library"
 Please take this Wikipedia article on the matter. You have to make one.   "
  "If you're in the morgue area you can find the door to Dr Young's office. From there look up and find a vent cover to pull down."
 Everything I find comfortable is bad for me"
  "I think we should clean up the pulbic school system. Kids in poor areas are suffering because there schools receive so little funding."
  "In Canada, the post office answers them. That's the next thing Harper will cut."
  "Let's just get rid of farts"
 Just found it this year and I love it :)"
  "hey OP do you watch anime  you should watch Accel World"
  "my cat finds my dirty socks, throws/chases them around the apartment. i usually find them in or next to his food bowl. also, when we were box training him, would randomly pick him up and put him by his food bowl (they are in the same vicinity) he would meow the whole time until he saw his food and stop mid meow and just gobble. he gets hiccups when he eats/drinks too fast."
  "You know, you dont get to use any of those things progress is providing right? Those cost money, which you dont get because you're lazy (not because you're obsolete.
  "*I'm talking about the fact that no one is going to beat you for trying to find a better opportunity*  Are you sure about that part "trying wheatgrass shot! "
  "LA barely gets oxygen, I hear. It gets imported in cans, like in the documentary *Spaceballs.
 I would not be able to easily masturbate to Emma Stone, even though I find her hotter than one of my female friends."
 In the case of mcdonalds for example, the jobs are A) rarely full time,  and B) can be done by anyone with no skill or training. As a result they pay minimum wages for minimum skill. The argument that full time jobs should have a different minimum wage than part time jobs is another matter entirely."
  "I really don't think it matters that much with Beta fish, I just think you might have been unlucky, in my experience it's a crap shoot with how long they live. I had one last me 3 and a bit years, and then one that lasted like 6 months. And I was like 10, so I wasn't exactly the most caring owner.  "
  "The three main characters of GTA V, Rico from Just Cause and my minecraft character... this will be interesting."
  "Debt can be a good thing at times.  "
  "Reputable news sources won't stick out their necks to report that there's nothing to worry about, 1. because it's not exciting news and 2. because they don't want to risk being held liable if they're wrong. If I were you (and you live on the west coast), I'd register on www.netc.com (so that I'm alerted if levels get too high), and take minor precautions (follow instructions on said website). However I'd still go out and enjoy the New Year! Just maybe try not staying outdoors too long.
  "I give Mountain Dew credit and blame for my diabetes diagnosis. Sometimes as much as a 12 pack a day. He wouldn't let me leave the office until I had an appointment scheduled with an endocrinologist. I'm not nearly fat enough to get type-2 without a genetic predisposition, but I could have lived another 20 years without symptoms if it hadn't been for Mountain Dew."
 The type of locks that can be opened this way usually have a curve on one side of the part that locks into the frame. This one was a rectangle, so there was no way to slide anything in."
 My mother took me in to the principal's office to try to convince him that I should be allowed to go to kindergarten in spite of being only 4 when the school year started. The principal denied her request, and when he asked me what I thought of it, I told him it was an insult to my intelligence. I learned to read at age 3.
  "I see you, Arrested Development username"
  "i was playing with short story ideas for awhile and i had a bunch of scenarios about a [Salvage kind of reclusive but mischievous inventor who makes some crazy, super cheap spaceship technology breakthroughs. The clown from It...    A Buddy Jesus...   a big poster of the goatse meme   A lawn jockey...    Thousands of lawn flamingos...   A big, potted marijuana plant...   Packer paraphernalia...  Or have the protaganist put a gorilla suit over his space suit and wander by *(with the communication lag, he'd be gone before NASA could send a 'follow that ape' program)*. Was trying to focus on sci/eng ideas but ALWAYS wound up spending hours coming up with different things/signs to place and thinking absurdly deeply about world reactions."
  "The most recent tear-jerker moment for me was Wreck-It Ralph, during the scene where Ralph has to destroy Vanellope's kart. The animation and scripting of the sequence, and the performances of Sarah Silverman and John C. Reilly were so heart-felt and genuine, it hit the feels just right that I shed a single manly tear.
 It sounds like your saying all businesses outside of a monopoly would be unable to sell their product at an increased cost."
  "would you like to making fuck?"
 I'm spending New Years Eve unable to stand on my own."
  "I get even more annoyed by people with expensive DSLRs with hotshoe flashes who don't know when to turn the flash off, seems worse to me than PS shooters because why spend so much money on gear you have no idea what to do with? Example: At a zoo in front of an exhibit with a metal grid fence or highly reflective glass window, takes photos flashing away with a giant speedlite pointed directly in front, despite the fact that all he or she is doing is annoying the animal and getting photos that are either just a mess of overexposed white or at best wrecking the contrast (if they are smart enough to be focusing beyond the barrier, which I'll assume they aren't). There's almost no good reason to use flash at a zoo as the animals are almost always either too far from you for the flash to matter, or if they are close there is a barrier that is just going to reflect the flash. The only instance it kind of makes sense is to have some fill flash when taking a photo of people in front of an exhibit when shooting towards the sun, but I've never seen that happen. Not to mention it is just kind of rude to flash animals with light all day long.  "
 I want people who don't want children to have access to good birth control,  preferably two methods,  so they can choose when they are ready to get pregnant. I also think that abortion should be legal so that nobody should have to raise an unwanted child. I think having a child should always be a choice you get to make,  and never something you're forced to do. But they wanted me,  and I never went hungry or without a roof over my head,  and was always loved.   "
 Yeah, there are like thousands of people better than you. "
  "It's kind of a personal rule of mine to just not. It'll come up every now and again but I feel creepy and just think of something else."
 So I thought this for a long time because granite is as plentiful as dirt and we don't appreciate it at all."
 I imagine it set ten years in the future; Dexter is a social outcast whose speech impediment and eccentric behavior make him an easy target for ridicule. His sister, a typical popular high school student, is cold in her regard to him. These circumstances slowly push him towards planning his revenge..."
  "shit makes me so angry"
  "My ear feels wet so it must be her face."
  "Everyone needs a livable wage, so these jobs don't get done.
  "My husband gets bored of my trivial or whiny bullshit sometimes, but he tells me or is obviously not paying attention.
 She keeps a bag of candy on her at all times and rewards him like a dog....kid is going to get diabetes. "
 Any tiny amount of money over minimal rent (because you live in a dorm or the hood), any kind of fancy food better than plain spaghetti and tomato sauce, ramen, etc, any (ANY) car that would start and you owned outright- boom.
 I told her that if you looked him up in the dictionary, you would find he is a loser.
  "I will say I had a dope cashier try to scold me without being to offensive. By pointing out my 1 bag of ten apples plus 2 other things is more than 10 items, \"but I suppose I'll allow it this time.\" Bitch, you're gonna enter the bag all at once.
  "Everytime i ask this question on reddit i get this same answer(i have probably asked this sort of question at least 5 times). Either you are all lying or you guys are really rare and just by chance i've encountered a lot like you on reddit. I don't know where you come from but out of people i know personally, the only one who gives to any sort of charity is my mom. Well she gives to church. This leads me to believe you guys are a rareity.  "
  "Oh, ours is very advanced and everything is automatic and scanning the wrong thing will screw everything up at my store. For example, scanning 5 of the wrong soup will cause the backroom to pull 5 of that soup to fill the floor, which is then carried to the floor and back to the backroom because we didn't actually sell those 5, and the backroom has to rebackstock it. Meanwhile, the 5 we DID sell will sit empty, because the system doesn't know we sold it."
 I knew it wasn't going to work with my boyfriend back in February.
 Actually, just give me a bigger dick."
  "sorry, he only gets domed"
  "You have to screenshot that, and then make it into a powerpoint. You then have to present the powerpoint and click the hyperlink.
  "\"In an ideal world I would have all ten fingers on my left hand so my right hand could just me a fist for punching.\" - Dwight K Schrute"
  "\"adhering to a moral code...no matter how heinous\"....you can't commit morally heinous actions, they contradict each other by definition. i will concede that PART of the definition of having integrity is staying true to beliefs, but it's not staying true to unethical or immoral beliefs....if what you say is true, then hitler, caligula, stalin, pol pot, columbus, bin laden, idi amin, king leopold, etc... were all people of integrity"
 A basic cell phone or pay-as-you-go or even a landline phone I would consider a necessity - but smartphones and internet are luxuries."
  "Goldbond the green kind. It feels like your ass and balls just smoked a menthol cigarette. "
  "First half yes (til end of july) rest of the end no b/c I lost my great job and went back to square 1 in my career field"
 That happens way faster than wages rise these days. "
  "I would like to learn Latin Spanish as I would like to one day travel all of South America by Motorcycle with my Brother-in-Law who is from Ecuador."
 I faceplanted on my way to the bathroom, ruined my friend's table cloth which I accidentally tried to take with me to the floor and had a great time at least half of that time.
  "This is probably your last chance to shock the hell out of them, so frankly, I'd be tempted to just drop it like a bomb right out of nowhere. Like, having a nice meal together, talking about something random... then there's a lull in the conversation and you say \"I'm pregnant\" with no warning whatsoever. No warning at all, then suddenly, \"I enlisted today and I leave in six weeks.
  "Way to take what I said out of context :P. Of course it's harmful, I meant it's no big deal if you chew to other people as long as you clean your mouth real well before you have sex and kiss and all that."
 She was extremely awkward, unfriendly, and visibly, palpably refusing to drink any alcoholic beverage whatsoever. I didn't engage her at all because I didn't know her at the time, but that's the vibe I got from her and the people around her. She had a posse of two awkward hipster dudes following her around but mostly she was just standing there hoping for people to recognize her. tl;dr Surprise, artists put on a persona."
  "My girlfriend's cat doesn't have a tail, which makes it adorable. It also means that its balance is pretty awful, which is always entertaining. I can't count the number of times it has tried to jump on to things only to hilariously fail. My favorite is when it walks on the back of the couch and just falls off."
 I like the way you think."
 Only 51% of the people have to vote yes in order for the minimum wage laws to pass. It is not really a contract either. The business owners are making a promise to pay a certain wage, and in return they are allowed to conduct business, however they were already allowed to conduct business so they really get no compensation in return, thus the min wage law is not a legitimate legal contract. "
  "It's like the best hug you've ever had, amplified by 10.
  "The feelings I still have for my ex even after she moved on. As someone that has a lot of sex and never really bonded with other people in general, it's hard for me to love and open up and even harder for me to get over it. Maybe I should just stick to fwb and NSA relationships"
  "You can get raging drunk."
  "the people who use tap water, untreated....."
 But it is better to apologise than just leave it. It means, wow I did not mean for you to get so upset. "
  " I swear to God, so many men do this I'm like THIS IS NOT A CONTEST TO SEE WHOSE MOUTH CAN OPEN WIDER!! Also, tongue suckers (I don't like that) and one guy who really grooved on licking my teeth in a way that completely grossed me out. My BF kisses all soft and lippy and is wonderfully non-snakey.
 You get 20% off. "
 Baby don't hurt me."
 A friend of mine, who did an apprenticeship for three years as something similar to an accountant get about 2400 after taxes. For comparison: A simple little apartment for 1 person will cost you around 400 to 600 depending on where you live. Food will be about 150 a mounth for a single person. Let's add sidecosts like internet and phone for like 100 a month.
  "I never learned how to type 'using the home keys'. My hands fly all over the place when I type, but I type comfortably at about 80 words per minute."
  "Filipino, so I can finally figure out what my Mom, Aunt, and cousin are all gossiping about."
  "went shopping, couldn't find the shoes i wanted. came home and browsed reddit for like 5 hours.
  "Shit'll buff out. "
 Coincidentally he was in town to do a show, and so I surprised her with tickets to see my buddy's band perform...as our third date. Paid more attention to her sms penpal than to her date (i.e. Oh I see you're laughing to yourself...did that person send a funny text message??? I stuck her in a cab (she gave a bewildered look when I didnt want to go back to her place) and stopped responding to her text messages all together.
 As long as this place exists, so will the cumbox."
 sometimes when i'm drunk i like to res tag people... i have him tagged as \"Might want to fuck a handsome cow\" and i have no idea why."
  "If you play guitar, practice. And don't just take five seconds, I mean, if you REALLY want to play guitar, for six hours. Also, never EVER stop learning new genres you can throw in for awesome styles. **Resources:**  [Pebber Brown, taught Buckethead, has enough material for 12 hours but keeps 6 online for free] Letchford of Scale the Summit. His books aren't free but holy balls they work you out. It's like P90X for your hands] Letchford book 2] guide to tapping, including chord tapping] ADVANTAGE OF YOUTUBE LESSONS!!! Paul Gilbert, Guthrie Govan, Pebber Brown, Satchel, Joe Satriani all have hundreds, if not THOUSANDS of lessons you can learn from!! And lastly, it's like BUD/S training for Navy SEALS: You'll never get there if you look at the big picture, you'll flake out.
  "TIL Reddit hates drivers and people at grocery stores. "
  "I'm trying to gain weight tho!"
 Well then, there goes my love of them...    That's a deal breaker."
  "Of course not, but I wouldn't even have sex with someone who has an STD/STI with a condom."
 Sincerly, A person who gets annoyed when people misuse the term 'anarchy'"
  "Most states can pay you less if you are under 18.
  "Just slap an instagram filter on that shit, fixes everything. "
 Or at least make it a little easier to cut my dominant hand, its so hard to get a good cut!"
  "Canada does operate a postal code to answer santa's "No emotional attachment, no one gets hurt. "
 You deduct that directly from your adjusted gross income automatically to find taxable income, so making $14,986 for a year would be at most $5,000 taxable income. The marginal tax rate on that is 10%, which means you'd have a max of $500 tax owed for the year with no other credits or deductions.
 I see my sister and mom do there browsing on it for some reason"
 And always work what you got.
  "Don't disappoint me"
 Yes, you can in many places in the US. I could easily even with my relatively high rent for the area. I might have to cut out cable, internet and my cell phone but I could easily make do with minimum wage where I'm at. Minimum wage is not supposed to mean you can have a ton of extras and raise a family."
  "I now run for London's #1 running club, its insane!!!
  "some police officers do care and will do something! my dad is a cop and i've seen him 'arrest' people for doing it, mainly just to scare them and teach them a lesson. He did smash in someones window as well because it was 40 degrees and one of the dogs was in significant distress. Obviously this was after waiting for over an hour and getting people to page the guy time and time again. Shitty thing was he wasn't even regretful. "
  "Stop whining and move on"
  "Do other things, you mean like live with your parents when you're 16 like the post *said*?"
  "I bet he loves those guns..."
 My enemy will go insane before my undead falls. "
  "Fun Fact: What makes you sneeze is dust mite shit."
 I hereby release your love, go forth and give it to whomever you please.
  "Knights of the Old Republic hands down. Not only was it a great story with a good game mechanics system (the D20 Modern system, AKA DD 3.5), it FELT like Star Wars. The setting, the characters, the music - everything about that game felt like a classic Star Wars movie."
  "Partying with Reddit, watching Step Brothers and I'm halfway through a jar of Nutella.
 I think \"too early\" is different for every person, that's why I didn't say \"before 30\" or something like that.
  "Okay so question then, why can countries like Australia have such a high minimum wage, and still maintain a high quality of life?"
  "Thats really good if you can even read just a little bit. Don't give up on learning the language it will open up a lot of opportunities. Its a beautiful language might even get you laid if used properly. "
  "If I had enough money for gold I still probably wouldnt give it to you because I cant really afford that but hey, you deserve it."
  "It might help that I'm 6'2, but I stand in the middle of the doors right next to them when it's my floor to get out. I've had a number of people jump back and yelp when they try to just walk in.
 What a horrible day to find out something that horrible. "
  "Got caught redhanded air guitaring and dancing around my room once.
 Say a couple desideds to have 4 kids, they put themselves outside of a liveable range for the income that would otherwise be liveable. "
 I know I'm not supposed to stop on the on-ramp, but I'm not going to just go ahead at speed when I can see that a car is coming and not moving over. I don't know why it's so hard for people on the highway to just move left when they're passing an on-ramp."
  "That makes two of us"
  "Governments will only be as responsible as the people hold them to account. So, if it's important, make it an issue. The only thing most governments care about are votes in the next election."
  "I don't do anything for NYE - I always get really depressed on NYE and generally don't want to do anything or see anyone until a few days later."
  "Is this \"Unidan is a Fake\" thing turn into another \"Paul is dead\"?"
  "The history channel has aired a lot in the last 10 years."
 I feel this way about all the gang warfare. It could be the pay per view event of a lifetime. "
  "If you're not a programmer: write, compile and run your first \"Hello World!\" program.
 Every month you increase it with 10 (or 5). In no tile at all you'll look and feel alot better. "
  "It's a shame we can't trade in karma for cash. I don't think I saw your answer."
  "Will the monks get cooties? "
  "I love when people stand 2 people to a step and hold hands and just at the end one turns around and sees the 6 people behind them trying to walk by."
 Did I not get the memo about 2014?"
 I'd have enjoyed a system like that."
  "I understand, I even gave the example of pin and pen, or pig and peg, I know it is widely accepted. It is quite different from their, and there because those words do sound exactly the same and that is correct. I did not include they're because it doesn't sound *exactly* like their or there, just similar. "
 I have been improving everyday :) thank you so much for your concern though! A lot of people don't know how serious they can be and how dehydrated you can get when the instant you swallow water it comes back up.
  "Christopher Lee is the oldest person, at 91, to make the Billboard Hot 100... and he did so with a heavy metal "Reddit.
 I enjoy sports and all but there are way too many scumbags who escape judgement because they are \"a team leader\" or whatever."
 He was wearing camo shorts, brown penny loafers, black socks pulled up over his ankles, and an orange jacket.
  "Removing shoes upon entering a Japanese room/home: Do NOT remove your shoes and then step on the dirty entrance floor with your socks/bare feet. Instead, slip off one shoe, place that foot on the room's (clean) floor, then slip off the other shoe and step completely into the room."
  "22, i wasnt ready to get married at that time."
  "Holy shit I looked at this like 5 times to see what I did wrong... Haha touch"
 I love them."
  "I once jokingly said to a religious classmate which then spread to the other religious classmates and teacher that I didn't believe in a God. They didn't take that one lightly......"
  "going to NYC (during the gov't shutdown so i had an excuse not to do stupid touristy things) for the week between my summer semester and my fall semester."
  "Keep boobs though, we love our boobs.
 No more drives to college for me!"
  "It's already been green "
  "Friend always sleeps in my bed with me when he comes over (Small apartment, and apparently my bed is the most comfortable thing in the world to him).
  "You most certainly can charge them with any amount of evidence you want.
  "The pen-pin merger is a conditional sound change that only applies before the consonants /n/ and /m/. Words like gym-gem, him-hem, tin-ten. It doesn't affect pig and peg because the environment doesn't cause the change. I'm going to give you a group of words and ask you if you pronounce any of them the same as sort of a test.
 Don't regularly need to take taxis, and even less often use the boot when I do, but I've still seen taxis with open boots and never seen a hay bale there."
  "I've tried to get out of it but they get really mad when I do, acting like I'm abandoning family, even though I'm with them every other day of winter break. Gotta pick your battles when your parents are paying your tuition, so no point in rocking the boat on this one too much."
  "Don't plan the plan if you can't follow through. "
  "I was 4 so I wasn't aware of anything like that."
  "Black/Blood pudding - [From the not exclusive to the UK, but many US citizens I've spoken to often are quick to ask \"Do you eat blood pudding?\" - Having been a fussy eater for most of my childhood and adolescence, I didn't need to try it before deciding, just from the idea, that I hated it. It was surprisingly nice when I first made myself try it.
 I was working with only one female co-worker who, sadly, got along with close to the end of my time when I worked there. As we were getting ready to close down, she walks into our department's room and says that Tom Hanks was in the vicinity. I pretended to go pick up some dirty towels, and as I walk by a security guard I see sitting behind him, Tom Hanks speaking to two other elderly people."
  "yes he does, he has me punch people out randomly, hehe"
  " Oh, bonus if your doggy style - reach underneath and cup/stroke his balls. I've never had that happen, but it sounds amazing."
  "Everyone in the united states should have too read this reply."
  "At some point someone has to make a move. Just play it cool. You can be as simple as making a mildly forward comment and giving the other person a look. If you're friends with this person they'll recognize what you're up to, and will either reciprocate or not. They know your game by now so it shouldn't be too hard to put yourself out there."
 I expanded the explanation of my story because your little pea sized brain apparently couldn't wrap itself around the possibility that someone with some intelligence could figure out the minimum safe distance to drive, yet still be defined as tailgating. Next time try to get the point and not focus on one little portion that actually had nothing to do with the story. You've officially achieved tag status.
  "What's with reddit's hate for hipsters? At worst they're loud, obnoxious, in your face assholes, at best they're just making the girls in the subway feel a little less safer.
  "If you choose the drums, please don't choose the witching hour."
  "Spencer made them all the time :/ I'm sorry for ruining your love 3:"
  "Bwhahahahaha read the books!!! "
  "\"Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the bank, and of having nothing to do: once or twice she had peeped into the book her sister was reading, but it had no pictures or conversations in it, 'and what is the use of a book,' thought Alice 'without pictures or conversation?
  "Might want to check for diabetes ?"
 That last scene where Andy gives Woody and the gang to Bonnie, and then spends the day playing with her and his old friends from his childhood. Then, as he's leaving, he takes that one last glance back at Woody... Dammit... You got me... :'&lt;"
 I like those trademark Minnie Mouse style dresses she wears. "
 First time I had been further west than Cincinnati, really made me feel braver."
 I like pretty much only like cars. I have never met a woman that really likes cars.
  "Its weird how american women will want to have sex and then play these weird tease games.
  "Don't stick your dick in crazy!"
 It's a problem I'm trying to work on, I promise."
  "Make the ground move, that's an assquake "
  "Well your face is as steep as a mountain!"
 I vaguely remember 'Cedar Rapids Library Beefs Up Security'  I think it was really clear that they took that issue after 9/11 very seriously, in that they nailed the humor perfectly by doing their job of NOT taking things seriously."
 I feel like I've seen \"affluenza\" more than a couple of times in the last few days"
  "Rising wages makes automation cheaper, relatively speaking. Automation only needs top be cheaper than what you would pay a person or people to do the job. "
  "Someone needs to work flipping burgers. If you raise minimum wage too much it would make far more economic sense to just automate it and it would not take long at all."
 Speak clearly- If you're rushing through your words, all I can do is ask you to repeat yourself. Conversely, speaking in an exaggeratedly slow voice as if I can't understand English isn't going to get you anywhere. You're still calling for help, and acting too high and mighty won't get the help any quicker. Understand that I am a person, with a job, just like you. Be Honest- (Once again, tech related) If I asked you what you were doing prior to the issue, don't say \"nothing at all\" if you were going into the computer trying to make your own configuration changes. Work with me; not against me- We can establish two things from your phone call: 1, you have a problem. If I recommend trying something that you don't believe will work, why not try it anyway? Also, if you've done your own troubleshooting prior to calling, don't get mad at the beginning of the call when I ask you to try something you've already done. Please communicate all steps you've taken to resolve the issue, and we can move forward from there. Asking for Supervisors- Often, callers believe 1st level agents have *no* authority whatsoever, and often request a supervisor when they can't get their way. Sometimes there *are* special permissions they have to resolve whatever the issue may be. However, \"demanding\" the supervisor, or ignoring the agent until they get the supervisor is no way to go about it. I'm more inclined to ask my supervisor to do everything they can to help a caller when the caller is polite. But when you're mad about something that is out of my control and take it out on me, I'm less inclined to be a well-wisher. Writing/Contacting the CEO/head of company or contacting the company's Social Networking sites- While I am not personally a fan of people who do this, it does get results. When complaints are filed with the board of chairmen (at least in my current company) they are passed down a chain of supervisors to be handled as soon as possible. The reason I say I'm not a fan of this is because often users will exaggerate the issue, making it seem like no agent whatsoever attempted to resolve the matter for them, was rude to them, etc.
 You make me look like poo."
 The only time i get annoyed when a person puts other counties down then say theirs is better (especially if they are a guest in another country)"
 So you can get high schoolers working for 7.50 and college age kids working for 10 but not have to accommodate for high schoolers when dealing with the minimum wage for adults?"
  "Barney, show the kids after they get out of prison."
 They sound like horrible people... electric collar? I didn't even know those exist outside of stupid Hollywood movies, and I'd definitely never put one on anything that has the capability to feel pain."
  " Jeep Grand Cherokees with quadra drive II have this. But who even owns one of those???"
 Would you like some?"
  "There is a picture of a 64gb, ScanDisk microSD card on the front page of /r/pics right now...  (I'll admit, I neither upvoted, nor down voted it, because, it kinda does blow my mind also) "
  "She wasn't making any blanket statements, just talking about what she wants. When you put so much pressure on the act of orgasm, people shy away from sex because it's too intimidating. Well I guess that could happen but it sounds like a blanket statement to me.
  "\"Life is what you make out of it!\""
  "I run the phones, handle accounts receivable, track mileage, gas, income/expenses, write the pay checks, order parts for trucks that need repair, completely revamped the filing systems, digitized their system, do invoices, do billing, find clients, email, proofreading, clean, prepare the system to run more smoothly in the new year, work with Microsoft Office and QuickBooks,  travel plans, scheduling, problem solving. If you want to make good money in this field, I suggest you get an associate's degree in administrative professional or related.
  "I don't own a TV, and it's actually more like "Just one? Too many to choose from."
  "i guess you can always sell crack"
  "[Radiated men will eat the flesh of radiated men  "
 Who am I kidding I'd learn Klingon"
 If there is no difference to me, an employee, between $1 and $10 per hour, every employer will pay $1, leaving the government to pay all of the wages."
 It was my favorite because the cart had double eeprom for the save and you could use this as a boot cartridge with the cd64 backup unit and use the boot cart eeprom to save your backups loaded that used that save format as well. There was about 6 or so carts that used double eeprom for the saves."
  "Walking with a cane on the injured side (I'm looking at you House). This puts significantly more weight over your injured side when you lean onto the cane.
  "You could never run barefoot, you would always be slipping in your own shit."
  "Nah, you can keep it."
  "Well I am always going to try to keep this tendril of a thread going.
  "To Santa, DUHHHH I mean jeez man how old are you that you don't even know?"
 Buy fancy organic sodas."
  "the reason a minimum wage worker should protest a min wage hike is because it increases the chance that they will lose their job."
 (Yes, yes, I know that there are ways to do this, but they don't work for everyone)"
  "I think you will do just fine! Just be confident in the interview process and everything will go just swell!"
 We walk and run all the time but some people just do it wrong. What really annoys the hell out of me is when people do not sway their arms forward and back but do it side to side instead (sorta elbows out). When you look at them from behind you can see the upper half of their spine twisting as the body is trying to stay upright while counter-balancing their steps and I always get this uneasy feeling in my back."
  "I don't mind deep tongue, (well, not THAT deep) but yeah... if your mouth is just about to go over my nose, ask yourself, are we kissing or is this CPR?"
 Kind of like how you can drive a car with no oil in it for a while before you destroy the engine. Doesn't mean driving a car with no oil  starts out OK and then becomes a problem. It's always a problem, but simply takes a while before you suffer the consequences. Economic issues often take a while for consequences to set in, so it looks like the system was good for a while and then wasn't, when really, it was bad the whole time, but you were simply getting away with it. Don't avoid the issue and simply refuse to talk about something just because your arguments for it are weak."
 Most of the drivers are really old and drive too slow, or do 90 mph in a 60 with a truck that doesn't fit in one parking space."
  "Puts on tin foil hat"
 Not everyone's appendix is going to burst at the same time. Secondly, if world hunger could not be solved overnight by distribution of wealth, which you so adamantly say it can't, then it can only be solved by either science or some kind of mass-extermination. Lastly, I really did not think I would be insulted on a thread where I was talking about the charities I support, on an offhand remark I made, no matter how uneducated it may have been"
  "Came here knowing I'd see this."
  "Hector, Lyn, Eliwood, a Pokemon trainer, and the QWOP guy  ... someone isn't gonna be pulling his weight  ... unless VNs count, in which case QWOP dude gets replaced by Saber from fate/stay night"
  "Not really in the case of the United States. It is impossible to hire someone form overseas to work at the local target / walmart / mcdonalds etc. So companies would be forced to pay employees more."
  "Never drink heavily in bad company."
  "How do I find a job to gain the skills? I can't miss work to search for another job. They don't have the luxury of having the funds to pursue career advancing qualities or other employment opportunities. As for your second part of your response, if I hypothetically lost my \"livable wage\" job, I'd have to take the next available job opening. I couldn't \"find a job where I could gain experience while I work at it,\" as you put it. My demand for income would force me to take the next job - I couldn't be picky. It isn't like I would have the luxury to wait for a job that would allow be to gain skills. Tying into my response about why I can't find a job to gain skills: I don't have the ability to shop around for a job. I can't miss work to interview, I can't travel to a new region.
  "Last I checked you don't earn money on a video until after the first 1000 views, and they don't send out checks for less than $20. Also the more views you get, the higher they pay per 1000 views. Not sure how many daily views for a livable wage though."
  "When someone can't get subject-verb agreements right.
  "Future nuns and monks will be confused."
  "I was born half deaf and even though I had tubes put in my ears when I was little to fix it, I talk very loudly and I think I'm talking at typical indoor volume. I try to be as conscious about it as I can and its as bad anymore.
  "Just how *big* the universe is, I feel tiny :("
  "I'd like to see Fairly Oddparents with a little more of an edge."
  "My dad grabs his first cup of coffee and drinks it while in the bathroom.
  "The post did say that was applicable to roughly half, you're leaving out a pretty large chunk of people there champ. "
  "The increasing test performance over time appears on every major test, in every age range, at every ability level, and in every modern industrialized country, although not necessarily at the same rate as in the United States. [From "\"I don't get what the big stink is...\""
 If something gets in your way, turn.  "
  "Just draw a line and fill it in close to the lash line and fix the shape with a wet q-tip. Or go to r/makeupaddiction they have some subreddits on the side that can help you."
 The Onion regrets the omission."
  "Why would I want to intentionally put myself In a relationship wht someone who had a habit that I find repulsive?
 Okay, it's just one word, but pretty much anything you can make into a dirty word is going to be worth a chuckle."
  "I can't believe nobody has said...   You couldn't catch a fish if it jumped out and slapped you in the face. "
  "Not other people, but for the longest time i used knives to open bananas, i had no idea you could open them with your hand until my friend showed me how."
 If you look at a [longer term you'll see that the current minimum wage is reasonably in line with long-term averages.
  "Struggling art museum allowing visitors to touch paintings. "
 Do they pay you to attend company ceremonies and speak in english...?"
  "I'm one of those women that learned how to orgasm when I was young and if I don't cum there is a good chance I'll feel cheated. BUT sometimes the feeling just goes away or you can tell it won't escalate to orgasm. "
 Found it randomly, greatest thing to get you pumped.
  "he said to basically treat her nicely when he's around them, and if he catches wind of him not treating her nicely then he's knee deep in shit. i made a rude joke that was basically \"alright, hit her hard enough for her not to be able to talk.\""
  "Yes please "
  "The value would drop as supply exceeded demand."
 The thing is, she treated him with respect and talked to him very nicely.
  "Analingus AND I get to suck her toes?
  "There are plenty of socialist utopias in Europe, Latin America, and Asia you are free to move to at any time you wish.
 I didn't honk at her because I was still in shock that she was stupid enough to do that. "
  "Biting your lower lip."
  "We are atoms, we have no will either."
  "I'm in a job I'm happy with and I'm glad I went to college, but man I also wish I had gone to a trade school and learned a skill. I don't care if people would look down on me.
 I just sit back and be patient as they always do more harm and couse more pain to themselves then I could ever inflict."
  "I'd like a few minor bug fixes like walking threw a doorpost and forget what you were going to do."
  "The population will skyrocket thanks to you"
  "The mission in halo 3 where you rescue cortana.
  "Also, take photos of anything expensive and their serial numbers.
  "What does a girl think when they see a grower (one whose member grows to full size but is very small when flaccid)? "
 how do you keep things from getting complicated?"
 \"Back when I started this company, I vowed that I would not rest until we revolutionized the way computers are sold.
  "I'll be sitting on the couch, and she'll walk up and I'll pretty her, then she'll use her head to push my hand under get so that I'll rub her belly.
  "Meanwhile, I just started college and saw the last scene. Still hit me in the feels. Damnit Pixar has the secret formula to hit every demographic under the sun right in the fucking feels, I swear!"
  "nobody seems to know how to use screen protectors. they always leave the plastic sheet on."
  "Definitely feeling the love now, thanks man"
  "If females could reach climax from giving blowjobs I would go back to church."
  "LOVE that book :D"
 Yes, he beat my meat.
  "Awe man, I love discrete."
  "If you're going to community college then I would suggest getting a part time job on the weekends *before* you graduate and the save up all or at least half of your paychecks. Apply for scholarships and anything that could get you money. "
  "If a girl starts getting between you and your friends, that's a warning sign you are in a bad relationship."
 You are supposed to face the back so you can have a little desk to read on.
 Easy credit means we can buy toys but that just ties the noose around our necks even tighter."
 To raise everyones wages by 6 dollars an hour assuming full 40 hour work weeks would require around 26 billion dollars.
  "Me too, fancy that!"
 We take things a little too personal sometimes. We don't always deliver criticism with the respect the other person deserves. "
  "So why are you even hiring them? Why not just pay adults your $15/hr wage and be done with it....."
  "I tie a rope around my penis and jump from a tree -- Eminem, Role Model"
  "I love you. "
  "Aside from my dog being a full fledged retard, her teeth chatter after she bites things and it looks kinda funny."
  "I know a young woman who chews and dips and it's freakin' disgusting. Then there's that little can of spittle always around, sooo gross. This is not just an issue for the person wanting sex. It's also an issue for the parents and other loved ones of the dipper because they aren't going to be around long."
  "My dog has two brown spots above his eyes that, if you squint, look rather like eyebrows. Because of these eyebrows his \"judgmental\" look really stands out. For example, I'll be picking out clothes to wear in the morning and he'll be sitting on my bed with his head on his crossed paws and he'll just give me a fuckin look that says \"Girl, please, *those* shoes with *that* top?\""
  "Aren't you supposed to do that to make the picture appear? "
  "I read a book called the 7 Habits of Highly Successful People this summer and once I started being more empathetic towards others, my social relationships got better and my personal insecurities largely vanished."
 I imagine they get to see a lot of cool shit."
  "I reckon somebody'd  kick your ass if you said that."
 Just highlighting the issue our two-party system faces where people believe choosing the \"lesser of two evils\" is rational despite neither party representing the interests of the people who are voting for them."
  "It's also one of those things where it's a question of how quick you can flip your lifestyle and immediately go into hyper frugal mode. How many people can get fired from a well-paying job, and then next day start to eat ramen and oatmeal every day, never drink, quit smoking, never go to the movies, cancel their cable, sell their iphone and get a cheap flip phone, ride a bike everywhere etc etc.?  "
  "Yet Peter Griffin never gets a fucking scratch...."
 If you have experience your advisor will probably trust you more and work with you to publish more than with other students coming directly out of undergrad. Of course, this depends on if you take time off for Fellowships/Internships during graduate school. Especially since it will not only make you more money in your base career, but gain you contacts for sideline and consulting business."
  "Wings and gills i want to go places."
 Which in some instances, market forces will help regulate (IT worker gets raise to $20 an hr) but then associated cost of that service goes up, and buying power is still lost. Additionally, since many people will opt for the easier to get $15 min wage job, the unskilled, the part timers, the uneducated are crowded out by those with skill, education, etc who will take a burger flipping job because they sick of clearing porn viruses off their bosses computer everyday. So you will have fewer jobs TOTAL, $15 min wage will get taken by the skilled and educated, and associated costs all up and down the supply chain will have to compensate for lost talent and increased wages resulting in increased costs to goods and services, and fewer jobs...which means fewer people to buy the (now more expensive) goods and services, and then more jobs die...snowball effect resulting in a constant recession. The lower class will be unemployable, the middle class would erode due to inflation, the rich have enough to absorb the difference. Heck, many companies would fold, many jobs would become \"tip\" style exception jobs, hours will get cut threadbare, social services would SKYROCKET (increasing taxes, and/or lessening of essential services) so then things like CRIME would skyrocket...basically it would create a dystopian cyberpunk style SPRAWL. It won't raise the lower class up to the middle, it would create a chasm between the poors and the rich."
  "If you have champagne taste on a beer budget, you'll end up with neither."
  "Sorry for late reply, I just saw this. It used to happen frequently, but most of these scammers now target people who look like tourists. It doesn't happen often but I ran into several people offering me free hats and shirts. Whether they were actually trying to scam me or not, I didn't want to take the risk."
 Until the system gets confused and has you pull the same set of king size yellow jersey sheets multiple times a day for a week (not that I have any personal experience or anything)."
  "Much more developed foresight so we don't completely ruin the world in the next couple hundred years."
 **puts the love back in its jar and put the jar in the basement**"
 They'll be fine for an hour and a half while you take care of your dental health. You can make excuses if you'd like, no one can make you do something you don't want to do, but not having an hour while they're at school or sleeping is kind of a long shot"
 Biggest waste of $30 ever."
  "I've only been driving for a few years, so I still feel your pain. I would say just try not to worry about the people behind you thinking that you can't drive if you have to slow down on the ramp (try not to stop completely though because it will be harder to get up to speed to safely merge). Even if the person behind you is being a terrible driver, not maintaining proper following distance, and hits you on the ramp because you had to brake, it's way better to get rear-ended on the ramp than hit at any angle on the highway."
 God, I love it."
 I am sorry I didn't give you the entire story I thought I had gotten it. OP of that post said \"I'm surprised that no one said 'faxes'\" and just a flood of fax remarks came and it bled out all over reddit haha sorry I thought I had gotten it right the first time but I was pretty sleepy lol :D"
  "What you said made no sense in context. "
  "This needs follow up.
  "Phone can be covered very cheaply with a pay as you go phone used only when absolutely necessary. Internet can be accessed from your local library when/if needed."
  "\"Oh sweetheart, wait until you get married\" to travel, study, live?
  "Multiply the amount of communication you feel compelled to do by about 0.75.
  "I'll be sure to check it out then. "
  "Some products will increase in price, but not everyone makes minimum wage, so it will not be entirely proportional. Sure food prices will probably rise, but not everything will. And $2 minimum wage rise won't make everything suddenly cost $2 more. The effect will be diluted, and I'm sure the calculations are quite complex."
 I don't like being compelled to vote."
 Probably the most interesting thing is that we occasionally get to be in Onion content.
  "Better and longer lasting brain power that doesn't fade with age"
  "If I kneel down, no matter where we are or what she's in the middle of digging up or chasing, she runs to me and sits by my knee. I didn't even train her to do that, she just decided that that's what she's supposed to do if I kneel. If I'm wearing a hoodie, she likes to sleep inside that part that bags out in front of your stomach. It's like having a heating pad. When I got this little lap warmer, I took to training her with the mentality that her goal was to make me happy and my goal was to help her do that.
  "Most of the time I never even remember its down there until I run or something like that and it bounces. And sometimes my ballsack decides to stick to the inside of my leg. Kinda like falling asleep on a leather couch and waking up with your leg stuck to it. "
  "If your kids follow your english skills... It either means 'is' (so add 'is' after the word) or possession; if they don't make sense then drop the apostrophe."
  "You probably don't really care, but your ball is retracting into the inguinal canal in order to protect itself from any possible damage during intercourse."
  "I use a sort of semi-normal, semi-hunt and peck technique. I hold my hands like a centimeter above the keyboard, my left hand a bit further out than my right, my keyboard tilted to the left somewhat, then I kind of hunt and peck at hyperspeed.
  "Every day, we step a little closer to 9gag level of quality standards. "
  "I didn't make this with the intent of being serious. Read the replies to my comment and see the puzzle come together"
 A well-reasoned, logically and economically sound post on Reddit, and it's the top comment."
  "\"Let's get down to business, to defeat....the "In my family we say Gesundheit"
  "Money buys happierness.
  "Why would a person be a fully grown adult and only able to flip burgers? Why couldn't they get a management spot at mcd's or get a decent retail gig stocking shelves? If you have a family or are trying to be independent and haven't more skills than it takes to roll a burrito, you are either disabled--in which case the government has you covered anyway--or you have made some shit decisions with the rest of your life that society shouldn't be expected to subsidize.
 Any even possibly height-related comment she jumps on and freaks out about it. It makes everyone uncomfortable and I've tried really hard not to do that."
  "Should I take this offensively?"
 Take a bus to Planned Parenthood and get a patch or some pills. Le me guess, you live in one of these magical far away places where there is no access to low cost birth control and you blame the GOP."
  "Lemon water, avoid caffeine and sugar, hard water and alcohol. Chronic kidney stones here.
  "I like this one"
 It would be interesting, and hey, we might actually learn something to benefit ourselves."
 I love video games. I'm 23 years old and still play them. I just don't want to rack up a huge debt and not be able to find a job in that field. "
 I super stoked someone else from the area also saw a giant frickin bird, Most think Im nuts or making it up. "
  "Admitting when your wrong is important, but even more important than apologizing is actually taking action to try to make things right."
  "Well, if people look at you like you're disgusting but don't say anything, just say \"What, did I just blow you away?\" and then wink at them. Did I just blow you away?\" and wink.
  "If he seems to care a little TOO much about your daily activity, asking where you are every 10 minutes and freak out every time someone breathes close to you, it's not cute, it means that you should run."
 Source: I'm a descendant and we had personal genealogy records and photos before an ignorant dumbass threw it away in my grandmothers generation. "
  "I work with kids. A couple of the kids from different cultures stand so close I'm afraid I'll be accused of something. I just want to yell,  \"dude, I can't have a conversation with the top of your head.
  "Thanks for the suggestion, enjoy your gold :)"
 Having no license makes it impossible for me to drink and drive; what need is there for me to be unable to purchase alcohol, too?"
 And we almost always grab them when running down/up stairs."
 It's a good thing that the girl is a \"liberal\" progressive who doesn't support the right to self defense."
 Or at least prisons that are supposed to cover a given part of their own funding. I don't think captices would have to do anything unreasonable, just help build a road for a few hours a day or something. Not a full 8 hours, but like 4, maybe? Because in the Netherlands people in prisons are treated like Hotel guests and they get to watch TV all day for AFAIK."
 Those stars make up an incredibly insignificant amount of the stars in this galaxy.
  "\"Conservatives lack this superiority complex, and it is this behavior that leaves us standing on top\" - my favorite internet quote of 2013. BTW I love Dave Grohl, but he needs another Kurt to push him above the crap Foo Fighters release."
 An easier way to get rid of that tiny bit of belly fat that won't fucking leave!
  "I was so caught up in playing some single-player game at the time I wasn't even cognizant of New Years. Which didn't shock me, because I never expected it to."
  "West Virginia - the New River Gorge or the Exhibition Coal Mine (a former coal mine you can tour)."
  "And this is why minimum wage increase is almost, if not just as bad as inflation."
  "Of course you ask this when I'm still mourning my bank account's status because of the Steam sale."
  "This is hands down my favorite.
 I remember mowing lawns in 6th grade to save of for Episode I Racer for N64! Then I sold it when I went away to college, but then was able to buy a used copy back after college, phew!"
  "\"Oh my gosh don't put your stuff there, I'm soooo OCD\" No you're not bitch, you just like things neat.
  "You're my friend now, let's go get soft tacos"
 Huge merge lane to turn into.
  "Well thus far we've just been looking at stuff like:  [The can she rally my favorite thus far \\(my sides started "Penis enlargement wouldn't be a burden."
 I found a friggin bobbypin IN my sock when I was at work one day. "
  "Using your blinker in Southern California is just asking for the person in the lane you want to get in to speed up, and not let you in.
  "Yea I was just gona say don't they do a pre flash to evaluate distance of the subject while focusing, then go in for the kill with its predetermined flash on or off taken picture. Something like that but with better grammar"
 Depending where you live, if you have roommates, live at home, drive a car, have kids, etc. All of those will determine whether or not you can live off of minimum wage."
  "I wish I could up vote this more. "
  "This has probably been answered 8 ways from sunday, but I'll chime in. If your job only requires 3rd grade math, and even that is done for you on a calculator/register, you might have a \"little to no skills\" job. If your responsibility encompasses stacking clothes, cleaning a fryer, or picking up a mop when told to, you might have a \"little to no skills\" job. If your job can be taught to you over the course of a 1-2 hour training video..you might be a minwageneck. You see where I'm going here. Memorized product locations, statistics, can suggest or even anticipate what a customer might need...but that's really not part of the job. Being good at minimum wage doesn't earn you better than minimum wage. Your bosses might like you more, you might get more customer reviews, but it's hard to quantify just what more experience in a min. Especially when the job can be done by bringing in someone with no experience and paying them the bare minimum. Part of your pay is how easy it is to replace you. If anyone can be brought in off the street and be taught your job in about an hour or two, guess what? Even if your job has evolved into also taking out the trash, counting out a register, doing that one thing that only you know how to do that makes it easier for everyone in the store to operate but no one really notices, etc. As long as the bare minimum requirements can be met, you're still just as expendable even with that experience. As you'll see in corporate, you'll get further away from where the money is actually made. All they see is numbers. If a store had a good month and made a record profit, they're gonna want that store to hit and exceed that again, no matter how likely it will be. Some people will see the sense of it being impossible to continue improving, but the higher up you go, the less the impossibility of it matters. Why give the guy who's been there a year a $0.25 raise when you can bring in someone new, only lose an hour of productivity, and keep those numbers up? Of course not everyone can have a degree, that would cheapen those level of degrees. There wouldn't be anything to get people to stand out. Making everyone get a high school diploma has made it so the diploma is like a bare minimum of having a job. Most jobs a diploma 'qualifies' you for though can be done with far less schoolwork. Also, since the requirements for a diploma have dropped (or the standards for obtaining one lowered or ignored, thanks to programs like no child left behind), the jobs that would hire someone with only a diploma have shrunk. 40 hour work weeks are a pretty new idea. How much work did an adult have to do in a week a hundred years ago in order to stay alive and comfortable? The ones that can literally bring nothing else to society aside from pushing the (80% correct most of the time) buttons on the register, or putting away the clothes in mostly the correct places, or providing customer service that's not quite enough below satisfactory to warrant a complaint. Do we really care if they don't get the medical care needed when they get sick because they're too ignorant to take care of their own bodies? If that is all someone has, no way are they only working 40 hours a week to make ends meet, unless they're getting quite a bit of help from somewhere. The more I got paid, the less work my job required. If I get paid a little more than min. wage, like a cashier or electronics lockup guy at Fry's, then I was kind of a specialist. wage, but the tips nearly doubled my hourly take most days. Then doing my job was fun, since I really enjoy driving. In my current job, I have maybe 1 or 2 hours of work on average. The rest of it is waiting in case someone needs me to do something. Does the world owe you for being alive? Can you contribute the bare minimum and receive more than the bare minimum required to keep you alive?
 OW!\" But before that I was popping vicodin and flomax like it was mana from the heavens. "
  "People who stop at yield signs, merging onto a highway, when there are no cars coming.
  "Psh, those people are lazy and dont deserve our help (this is how the current population is going to react to this change (I do not have an optimistic outlook on our future))"
  "Opposite end, I had an ex who liked to call me mommy when he sucked my nipples.
 I bet that a majority of your big companies (Fast food  big box stores) will do away with the human element because it's going to be way too expensive to employ the same number of people at twice the wadges that they were being paid. They will cut the workforce, give the remaining few needed workers a minor raise, and then convert their business to be more automated/human-free. "
  "Not exactly the same story, "Every time there is a thread about making stuff illegal you comment like a billion times"
  "Marijunna couch chips tv"
 I'm hoping you'll understand, so please let go of my hand.\"  Do not allow another person to commit recreational murder. "
 I don't even know if the physics work for that."
  "Being able to drink more isn't all it's cracked up to be. Shit gets expensive. "
 There's racist jokes, we see those all the time, but I haven't noticed significant racism on this site for years. "
  "Bend your knees, keep your back straight. Use your leg muscles to stand up"
 Friends get jobs through friends. Friends get you jobs. You get friends jobs.
  "Now bring an example that isn't incredibly contrived. Do you seriously think that a job flipping burgers or wiping floors is building recommendations and contacts?
  "Always make sure you counted the right amount"
  "I fished some upside down tomato pots from a free bin at a thrift store:  they suck.  "
 I feel like a badass."
 When a 2 lane ramp turns into a one lane, when the lanes intersect alternate who gets let it one at a time from each lane. It blows my mind that people floor it and look like an asshole to get 10 feet closer to their destination, even though they are still in traffic. "
  "I'll admit, that did get me to laugh.
 building a space elevator, base on the moon etc. A civilization only makes sense if it strives to improve and technology is a good way to do so.
  "there's really no case where a rape joke can be perfect.
  "It adds the point that terms like \"livable\" and \"acceptable standard of living\" don't refer to any objective basic need but are relative to what other people can afford. The only reason we include historical luxuries like privacy, air conditioning, cars, phones, and internet, is that most people (excluding foreigners) can afford them. Quite soon smartphones will show up in such lists, and later self-driving cars, virtual reality environments, and space tourism (let's say one trip every two years, to be reasonable). This makes calls for a livable wage seem less like pleas for basic sustenance and more like expressions of jealousy. I don't fully emotionally identify with this perspective, but it's valuable to see demands for a livable wage for what they are."
  "Near where I work, a small coffee shop opened under the name \"expresso\". It was intended as a sort of play on words meaning \"fast coffee\", but no one got it.
  "\"What can be done has been done already. What cannot be done is what you should set out to do.\""
  "I like the way you think, have some gold!"
 In Austria we have sings telling you to give way for the cars in the roundabout. if it weren't for these we would have to stop in the roundabout and give way to the car entering from the right."
 They fucking hate that too."
 Now my new years resolution is to get even leaner."
 If they can't figure out of general things themselves, they can get lost.
  "I love how it has a stare down with the reptile for 5 seconds and then flips again"
  "I hear it in Doyle Redland's voice too"
  "I got him breathing, he made it to the hospital but I heard he didn't make it."
  "I'll be playing board / card games with my family."
  "If she was a good friend, she'd stay in with you and support your decision. Aka not give you shit at a time when you need support instead."
  "I would need to do some research and look into demographic statistics before I could say X would be better. However, when a group of people unable to feed themselves without social assistance multiply, the benefits of having a potential worker in 20 years is virtually negated by the 18 years of social programs that child is on. Unless that potential group of workers puts more back into the system than they collectively took out by being born, it's a net loss for society.
  "I get a kick out of how many people think they could wait tables."
  "As a former Podiatry Assistant you are going to have fucked up feet if you wear heels for years and years. I love my 2 inch heels but that's only 2-4 times a month for date night. Then again, I work from home. I used to wear 1-2 inch heels when I worked in an office.
 Down 35lb, 20 points down on blood pressure, cholesterol is lower, and I feel fantastic."
  "Oh man that sounds like the kinda professor I wanna avoid.
  "One of my cats will dash over to sit on me and knead and drool whenever I sit on the couch. "
  "\"Imagine a ruin so strange it must never have happened.\"  --\"The Poisonwood Bible\" by Barbara Kingsolver  The whole opening paragraph is gorgeous and sets you up for the incredible story within, but the first line alone is enough to instantly transport me and send a shiver up my spine.
 Don't get a poetry degree or something with no job prospects unless you absolutely love it and are okay with struggling for a while. Take a look at the projected job growth for the time period you plan to get out and make sure you have a shot of getting a job. Once you get to college make sure join everything you can, get as many leadership roles as you can, and don't slack off with your grades. Keep those grades up and that will help set you apart from everyone else when you apply for internships/jobs. If you don't want to go to college that is fine (not everyone has too), but make sure you think about your future. Find a job where you can learn valuable skills that will translate into a future career for yourself. Working at a fast food place is great for a first time job, but there is no room to move up, and not much in the way of valuable skills. You could always look into a trade school, or try to find an office job and work your way up in the company. **tl;dr: find yourself a set of skills that will translate into job opportunities.
 They could be the best partner ever but sooner or later they will end up in jail."
 It was a waste of time."
 This is not just an issue for the person wanting sex. It's also an issue for the parents and other loved ones of the dipper because they aren't going to be around long. Yep, and it's their life so they can do what the fuck they want, and they will enjoy it however they please.
  "I don't make minimum wage, but I don't make a lot. I make enough, but I would benefit if minimum wage was increased to 15 an hour. He makes 15 an hour. He didn't go to school to get a job that requires training to make the same as a teenager at McDonald's. Just saying...I would benefit and I don't support it."
  "Loved the story with Admiral Harkov and the TIE Advanced, then Admiral Zaarin and the TIE Defender.....just great plot development throughout the game."
  "I don't have money to give gold, although I wouldn't mind getting some to help pay for reddit!
  "Eyes that work perfectly and don't become damaged as easily. "
  "That does sound like a good night "
  "Unfortunately, a man who has $200,000 to buy a girlfriend doesn't need to spend $200,000 in order to get a girlfriend."
 Are talking about life after age 18 when one would expect you would have some sort of gainful employment, or are we talking from birth and never wanting to ever work a day in your life?"
 Why?\" His reaction, \"Shit, you were supposed to say 'no' so I could ask if you wanted some.\"  Followed by two hours of him on \"cheezypickuplines.com\" (or something like that) trying to find one to which I would respond \"properly\".
  "That's how we are taught to drive roundabouts where I'm from.
 It always makes me think of Ratchet and Clank."
  "Yeah, what the hell is the purpose of even having that thing?"
  "and due to the employer decreasing headcount, will have to do twice the work."
  "Why does a private company owe you a \"liveable wage\" if you're not doing something terribly hard and they could easily pay a 16 year old living with their parents half the wage to do the same thing? We *as a society* do not need to pay a 16 year old living with their parents a \"living wage\" to flip burgers."
  "One wipe charlies "
 Such impress      Many doge  Much time         reddits wow  "
  "If someone lies or cheats for you, they'll lie and cheat on you."
  "I like pretending they're stomping around like a dinosaur. "
  "My George Forman works great. So does the oxyclean, though I use an off brand now because it is cheaper."
  "Cetaceans,  I hear they love to party, love the blow."
 If it is not something you have tried, then what everyone writes here will be nothing but words to you. It will be like describing colors to a blind man, or describing physical pain to someone who cannot feel it. You can tell them intense pain is the worst thing imaginable, but not even that will give them anything to relate to; It'll just *sound* bad to them. But the only way to answer your question is to try it out :) I mean your question entails so many things. The deep love you can develop for someone, the tiny things throughout the day that will stick to your mind for reasons unknown. Lying on the couch with her on your lap, just silence and a bit of affectionate touch and feeling better by such simple acts than could ever be done by other things. The looks you will exchange. Only thing to do is try it. [EDIT]  Also it also depends entirely on if you take your time to pick a good partner, or if you end up in a bad relationship :) But at any rate, it's life experiences you will have to go through yourself to form any kind of worthwhile idea of what it is for you. No one can tell you."
  "It kind of sounds like you just said no one walks on the escalator in Texas? As someone who has frequented the AIH I always feel like the odd man out walking on the conveyer belts.
 So I spent three months in a wheel chair from May until August. "
  "The paradox is that you can't obtain the happiness when you are focused on obtaining it."
 Used to watch this stuff after getting home from school."
  "If it tastes like chicken keep on lickin, if it tastes like trout get the fuck out."
  "Here's a good one: Do you even spaghetti?"
 what about the taste and smell?
  "Alternately, wear a dirty trenchcoat and stop bathing. This works especially well during the summer. Source: I rode on public transit for a while, and had to keep 70 year old women from hitting on me"
  "I don't trust you, you're not /u/mattyi!"
  "That is a pretty cool username"
  "Using 110% of the brain power and some new sense"
  "10 year old kids shoot 12 gauges all the time.
  "I think you should re-evaluate what the rest of the world considers a living wage. In most of the world, people are OK living with family until they get married, and even afterward. They are OK with not having the latest phone and latest game console and expensive clothes. In the US, we get told by pop culture that we DESERVE all that stuff.
  "So why is it the taxpayer's burden to subsidize minimum wage and not the employer? Government support is there for the unemployed. Government support is there for the unprivileged to find a job or earn a scholarship for example.
 Every day I had to call people to come fill out urine analysis forms. I was also tasked with running the meeting room calenders and running papers all around the base. I did nothing but set up tours of the school and tell counselors when prospective students were there. I would recommend when you get the job, is get a candy bowl if you're in a back office somewhere. My base job I had my own room and no one really had a reason to come visit unless they were seeing the squadron commander. For the interview, just make sure that you are personable and confident. Look them in the eye when ever you talk and try to keep a smile on your face.
 Some of the best ones:  * \"You monstrous malefactor!\"  * \"Mad-headed puke stocking!\"  * \"You stuffed cloak-bag of guts!\"  * \"You carcass, fit for hounds!\"  * \"you're a herd of boils and plagues.\" * \"you presumptuous vassal!\""
  "Is that all my love means to you?!? A jar in a basement?!!!"
 It just seems like an unwritten rule that you do your set, then let someone else use the machine while you do a set elsewhere.
  "It just sounds super comfortable. "
  "Met her at uni, we were pretty compatible but she was older than me and her friends didn't like me. I don't remember who made the move first but she sorta went to uni just for the 'uni experience' and seemed to think a FWB relationship was part of the 'uni experience'. Sometimes it was funny, flirting with waitresses in front of her but it hurt when she travelled and stuff and I couldn't see her or know who she was with. Nevertheless, I got a lot of sexual experience, learnt a lot about relationships and how just sex doesn't make a good relationship. I guess my advice is go for it if you don't mind potentially losing a friend and if you want to learn about your attitude towards relationships.
 I personally can't think like that. And I still refuse to walk with fear or quicken my stride.
  "Yeah, add in my wife's loans and I'd have another 3.5 years here."
 the post  "
 Two cash machines?
 I sound like a meat head, but it's true. I actually wrote about it for a short answer on a college application supplement:   I lift weights. I got started because I wanted an edge in track, but its become much more important to me. Besides improving my functional strength and staying healthy, I lift because it just feels really good. Its challenging, but its taught me discipline, and its always gratifying to see my efforts rewarded with gradual but sure results. I see lifting weights as one physical aspect of an ongoing process of self-improvement that includes studying and academics as well. "
 Why do I get so angry at the left-standees? And then when I do start walking up DuPont Circle's escalator, I gotta walk the WHOLE way, even if I don't want to, cause I'd feel bad for stopping short at any point. "
  "Here, Barb can explain it better than I can, since she's an expert on such matters. "At parties, when standing and talking to a couple of people, I would purposely start standing closer to one person's side just to see if they would shift over and step closer to the other participant's side in turn making them move closer to my side to see how many times we would make a circle."
 When she comes in, she greets him with a head butt as if to say \"Thanks, buddy!\" "
  "Smoke a phat ass blunt and eat pizza.
 I would willingly and knowingly answer the door like that to freak people out."
  "An immune system that functions well, doesn't attach itself (MS) torpedoes Cancer, blasts blood clots that cause strokes, eye cells that regenerate to let the blind see, ears that are self maintaining so everyone can hear and finally those of us with hearts that get broken get to sit on your lap and cry and until you make us feel better."
  "As systems get better, even the jobs you're claiming will be added are going to get smaller and smaller. Companies like mine are putting hundreds of people out of work while the handful of us cover all those jobs for less money. We're making bank and pushing everyone out of the market because we can do far more for far less while maintaining an equal quality of service.
 They had just paid cash for a bigger home. They were letting their cousins take over the house across the street. One of the sons wad getting married. They were going to buy him a new house in the next six months.
 For many people, $500/month won't even cover rent. And you need more than just breaking even each month, in case you suffer a major health problem, need to repair your car (crucial for many jobs), etc.
 I really hope I get to meet them in college next year (:"
  "For me it was probably when I was five and I was in a castle being chased by a two headed dragon, however It was like I was running on a treadmill, so no progress was being made. The dragon then proceeded to cut off my head and play kick ball with it. Although it does not freak me out anymore, It still pops into my head from time to time."
 But I'm sure everyone has to learn this one themselves."
  "I had probably 20 items once and was lined up in a non-express lane and the referee dude that is in charge of adjusting the checkout line flow insisted I go into the express lane.
 I'm complimented on genuineness, but when I cut back on my 'true' self I'm a nicer/friendlier and more likeable person. I want to have my cake and eat it too. "
  "Emma Stone and   Nothing in this world beats those eyes of her's "
  "When your computer is trying to load a page and the person just clicks refresh about six hundred trillion times."
 You can shit out as many kids as you want and Pappy O'bama will give you a luxurious section 8 apartment to live in and gladly send you $2000+ in Mary Poppins money to feed and clothe them on the 1st and the 15th."
  "Having a SUV will only help to tip you over"
  "You can still get a mortgage manually underwritten. You can pay cash for cars and anything else you would ever want."
 I doubt women in their 20's like to be called girl in the third person."
 Let us get to know you. Talk to us and get to know us, too.  "
  "That dick is in a better place now..."
 We don't play to the same entitled tune that liberals do. Say what you will about the Foo Fighters, cause that's your right; but the best album i've ever heard was \"Wasting Light\"."
  "Mandarin, because I fucking hate that class. "
 I'd like to get into meditation but my brain just refuses to stop thinking."
  "Most of mine have already been said, so I will add a weird one. Guys who can't out drink me. As a tiny girl, I don't even consume that much alcohol on the nights I decide to drink. I get seriously annoyed when I'm still drinking and the guy is getting ready to go to sleep. I'm not even wild most of the time, I just like putting on music or a movie and chilling or something.
  "But that won't happen, and the competition will do the same thing, Wendy's is about profit just like McDonalds or burger king. And again you aren't looking at this from the perspective of the small business owner, people don't run businesses as a charity to others they do it to make a profit, of they are forced to double the cost of their payroll, that cuts into the owners take home pay, if the owner decides is no longer worth it and closes shop, what happens to those workers then? "
  "dont care, enter the stupid world that is my brain"
  "If you're in any level of committed relationship you should be able to just say that it's getting uncomfortable without a tantrum or tears on his part. It might be harder the first time but once you get past that it will be easier to deal with in future."
 I'd say we can start funding for research now."
  "Nice try Walter."
  "So people don't post joke replies "
  "as someone who quit smoking about a year and a half ago, I could not date a girl who always reeks of ciggies now. My brain is still unsure if they smell awful or amazing. "
 Interest is lower than inflation right now and it has been for quite some time."
  "they're / their / there  It's not that hard to learn how to correctly use three common words from your native language, so stop complaining when people expect you to get it right.
 if someone calls me girl, i think of a little kid."
  "There is water on Mars. "
  "Oh, so we're just gonna let them ruin our balls like they did the Porsche 911?"
  "At the same token though, the parents with the kids throwing a fit are likely the ones to have attitudes like, \"Why shouldn't everyone tolerate my kid screaming and ruining everyone's meal? And you were a kid once too, so obviously you should tolerate mine being a nuisance!\""
  "My sister's rabbit was an emergency rescue, and was delivered with a cage and a giant piglet teddy bear. I tried to be friendly and gently scratch his back like my rabbit loves, and he went to town on piglet. Every time I touched him he'd fuck piglet's brains out. After a few times he had to take a break because he was panting and generally exhausted, but he'd soon be back at it. They had to throw Piglet away a week or so later because it was covered in rabbit semen.."
  "My friends and I worked our asses off remediating code so the rest of you could relax.
 And every single doctor I have ever talked to on the subject has had to take a personal loan out to afford for their school. While I have no statistics and do not plan on wasting my time looking it up, I assume that the staggering majority of medical school students don't drop cash on acceptance "
  "Did the Titanic sink bravely? "
  "My cervix runs a tight ship, only microscopic sperm allowed."
  "It's probably close to true.
 I'll edit my original post with all your details here!"
  "For a brief moment, I thought you meant the head on shoulders and pictured myself rubbing head on clit to see how that would work.
 Fight harder and you will op"
  "So parents will just put their kids in a crib and leave for work?"
  "Movies that make me cry:  * The Patriot (when the little girl cries \"Daddy, don't leave! Just don't go!\") * Star Trek reboot (In the beginning when Kirk's father sacrifices himself) * Up (beginning, and then again at the end when he's reading the book)"
  "or people that didn't fuck around while in school and put in effort when they were looking for jobs. I did work in pizza places while in college though, but I worked my ass off and was a manager for the last 3 years I was in school while being a full time student(physics major at the time.) Even in high school I worked at Taco Bell, and though I was only there a year until I turned 18 I could have moved into a higher position once I was old enough. If you're a crewmember at McDonalds for 8-10 years without having been promoted or given a raise (from the articles posted on r/politics about the $15/hr strikes) then you have no one to blame but yourself. Either work harder to improve your position or look for another job in your free time. Believe me, I went years before finding a job where I only work 40 hrs/week... even if you're working 40 hours you have lots of spare time to look for something else."
 Blood pudding's alright with a touch of maple syrup and habanero pepper sauce. The whole 'poutine' fad Canada is currently in the midst of will die a wholly deserved death soon - along with most of its adherents.
  "i cut my own hair at 6. mom was amused.
 A job is a gift, it is a way in which you can work your way up in the world, they are paying you money MONEY for your work. I would fire all of them and only keep my managers and people who I have had for over 1 year (after 1 year they get a raise). Isn't having 3 jobs out there, even if they are minimum wage, better than having none? The adult or the teens might work her way up in my business to manager, a very well paying job."
 I'm a native spanish speaker, I can easily understand portuguese, and maybe a little italian, but french is a totally different thing"
 And if I get some energy I'll cook supper."
 When my mom had to call 911 because he was passed out on the floor she realized the next day he was lying on a mountain of porn. Other than an actual store for porn, I've never seen that much in one place. All told, we had 2 gorilla garbage bags FULL of DVDs and 2 alcohol boxes over flowing with magazines and books.
  "I fucking love nice teeth!"
  "I see this all around me, and I don't see anyway to fix this. You can lead a horse to water but you can't make them drink...or learn. "
  "C'mon, man, it's the year 2013.9, nobody makes those jokes anymore."
  "And ex called me to apologize for filing a false police report against me alleging abuse, and ask me to move back in with her.
  "just save to read later....  ps:You really deserved that gold."
  "You can do what you like."
  "Fluent non-native Chinese speaker, and my somewhat hazy memory tells me that there are about 80,000 characters in one of the largest historical dictionaries (so plenty of characters limited to periods of time, regions, and specific literature), you need about 5,000 to speaker with a middle-schoolers level of fluency, 15,000 to 20,000 to speaker with a high school / college student level of fluency. You still need to go out and learn those. After 15 years of studying, I still find proper nouns difficult, and fluency difficult to maintain unless I'm speaking it on a regular basis.
  "I'm getting the sense it's a tiny bit like losing your virginity? Without the pain of course..."
  "Use my body to pay for things if im strapped for cash"
  "Thanks for the explanation and sorry I didn't get the joke which is surprising since I have a very sarcastic and somewhat warped sense of humor!"
  "Weird to see so many redditors don't go on other websites.
  "You grab closer to the boob though so it makes it ok!"
  " your solution for the underclass is for them to die off  Which is why we subsidize them with welfare and give then incentives to have more children. It seems like they just want more of them so they can suffer more."
  "This is the best post I've ever seen.  "
  "As it's been mentioned, having a place of your own and not having a roommate is also a luxury."
  "The McDonalds Empire would not suddenly topple over if they paid their burger flippers a living wage. They would continue to draw obscenely high profits, and then they'd spend a bunch of it lobbying to say that their public obscenity should be unlimited."
  "I didn't have kid's TV in my house until I was about 10 years old. I gave my students an assignment where they had to create a new word. I had a complete meltdown from a few of them (they're 15 years old) who couldn't even fathom creating something. I had to sit down and give them ideas."
 Edit: Cuddling the same sex, while not preferred by me is also known as survival if you get hit with a blizzard while camping.
  "I was over central Manhattan and I took a direct hit from one of those Chitauri sumbitches  right to the Mark VII. Had to think fast, put all the power to the thrusters and reroute the 5z circuits through the interplex.
  "Get all the money out of it and then get a restraining order.
  "False comparison: you aren't going to schedule all of those positions for the entire time you're open, and you didn't budget for maintenance of the machines or possibly hiring another manager because the current one is now overstretched."
 To get laid?
  "The fire on the robe looks...
  "Yeah, you know that issue with data transfer to new cells failing after many years resulting in cell failure and death?
  "But you can get it from a koala bear"
 Hang 2 different weights from a string across the pulley and the heavier side will slowly drop. Now imagine you hang a shoelace over your finger. Friction is what holds it in place. On the scale, the fulcrum of the scale has to sit somewhere, and where it sits, it touches another object it must pivot around. When the energy die to gravity working on that tiny net difference in mass pulls down, it must overcome the friction that is holding the scale in its current position. This is why most scales will specify to push the measuring surface down after changing weight to get a new accurate measurement. This works as the coefficient of dynamic friction is nearly always less than the coefficient of static friction.
  "Does it turn you on?   "
  "Yeah, for some reason acting nervous around me turns me on...."
  "I think it tastes great with the sushi.
  "Plus just letting them know that you can enjoy sex a lot without an orgasm.
  "In the distant future, some piece that was missed will be found in an excavation. The man who digs it up will initially be believed to be insane and no one will pay him any mind. As evidence mounts of a lost race of strange creatures, fringe people will start worshiping their new alien overlords. The real aliens will eventually show up, whisking away all the crazies, and while people will finally be believed, they'll continue to search for alien life, forgetting all about the weird artifacts that were dug up, because fuck history, we don't need that shit."
 It looks like black highlighter. They do this to hide sensitive information. "
  "I do this and realize that I could condense them. But I choose not to.
 how else would we get presents for Christmas under our trees?"
  "In Arizona, you don't even have to renew your license until your sixty five. I think that's pretty cool actually. "
  "Not all learning has to contribute to that kind of knowledge."
  "or their families  Minimum wage is to support *you*, not you and your family. If you are only able to work minimum wage, you can't afford to have a family. It is not up to society to help you pay for your family at the expense of everyone else just because you want one when you  can't afford it."
  "Yeah, people tend to avoid the people who suck the life out of the room with this \"woe is me my life is horrible\" bullshit. Why don't you try not doing that."
  "clear tan shoulders"
  "I don't know if what happened was an attempt to break in or what but it sure was fucking scary. It was around 7:00AM and I was already ready for school so was my younger brother and we were just waiting for my mother to pick us up for school. I started to put my dogs in their cage. I have 3 and 2 are small and the other is like a lab mix so he's big. I put the 2 small ones in their cage and they made no fuss and just laid down but when I put my bigger dog in his cage he started freaking out. He starts barking really loud and I tell him to quiet down cause I don't want him to wake up my youngest brother. My other younger brother comes running over to me and says \"Something ran past my window!\" And instantly my veins run cold. I instantly let out my bigger dog and he darts towards the window and then that something slams against the front door and I instantly felt my heart jump up to my throat and I start shaking but I dart for the door and try to lock it but it wouldn't lock so I just held it really tightly. I tried looking through the peep hole but I didn't see anything. After a minute or two I call my dog over and open the door and FUCKING NOTHING WAS THERE!
 I've found that people here are usually very nice unless you stand in their way on the Metro escalators. Or drive slowly.
 If the child gets sick (and it isn't directly due to parental neglect or something like that) can the state actually take legal action against the parents for not giving the child medication?"
  "Just hang around here for a bit. You pick it up."
 Embrace the eye contact.
  "I'm aware and do care, but I pay all the taxes on my prevailing-wage salary, my money stays in the U.S., and I ain't entitled to Social Security/MedicaX benefits, so my conscience is clear."
  "Nope but I'm pretty sure I will now"
 A man doesn't have to be a 10/10 in terms of physical appearance in order to be sexy, but an average looking man wearing clothes that perfectly fit him will *always* look better than a handsome man wearing ones that don't.
  "when she gets wet and it turns into like this gross semen type wet. like yeast infections but not near as bad."
  "A dream that was like a trip that made sense."
  "I am late to the party, but,  [WAR ON STRING MAY BE UNWINNABLE, SAYS CAT don't think any Onion headline will ever beat seeing this on the front page. It was the perfect metaphor at the prefect time and is funny even without context."
 If you truly care about prescriptive grammar, you shouldn't mind having your real name associated with youtube rants."
  "\"Hakuna matata, what a wonderful "As someone who enjoys fucking around with DNS, searching from the address bar is fucking annoying. No I did not want to google that; that is the exact address of where I want to go."
  "Ever since I was 5, I've had this dream that I was playing outside and then someone runs up behind me and stabs me in the back. I then wake up with terrible nerve pain jolting through my body, but only lasts a second or two.
  "The huge flaw in this line of reasoning is that most jobs aren't quantifiable in terms of value produced. This is a model that has been invented by economists that (surprise!) Lets take our unskilled floor sweeper, she gets $7/hr and the minimum is upped to $15. The grocery store doesn't decide that it won't sweep floors any more, because ultimately losses will equal the value of the company when no-one buys their groceries there any more. The model you present is the economist's version of the perfectly round sphere in a vacuum. Sure it all sounds clever but it bears little relation to reality. "
  "If you don't want jokes and puns, and want proper answers instead, the (Serious) tag does the trick. "
 Working 50-60 hours to build up to something isn't the same as working that same time frame to sustain yourself. And does your father love working 50 hrs a week? I'd imagine anyone would rather work closer to 40 hours than being forced to work 50. "
 I played pokemon yellow until 11:50, then took the batteries out (for safety)."
  "In South Carolina it is illegel to tie your pet giraffe to a lap post on main street. Also in SC you must obtain a permit to fire missiles from your own back yard.   "
  "My Australian Shepard will grunt and make little noises when you pet her. "
 I could imagine that poor teenager was like \"oh my god, I'm in such deep shit, what am I going to do, I lost a child.\" Needless to say, she never babysat again. "
 The view from the left is that if the companies want to stay in business, they need to start eating the cost. Not many companies are going to choose to go out of business over making a little less profit. The view from the right is that since businesses should be allowed to so what they want, no one should make them have to make that decision. "
  "The federal government doesn't have to institute a universal increase in minimum wage. The cost of living can be broken down on a county-to-county or city-to-city basis. The federal governmant can mandate a change in minimum wage based on local statistics. Minimum wage should be increased gradually at a relatively slow rate so as to increase real wages without increasing unemployment until we reach an equilibrium between real income and unemployment."
 I mean... look what's right next to england. "
 Please keep in mind that the OP of this thread has chosen to mark this post with the [Serious] replies only tag, therefore any replies that are jokes, puns, off-topic, or are otherwise non-contributory will be removed. Reddit seems to like jokes, puns and other non-contributing stuff, but some people really to know. If ingenious jokes are in the front and everybody has to search for the real answers, that mean something, it's bad, regardless of how funny it was."
  "Always buy fire insurance for snowmobiles.."
  "Shit, I'm a PHD student at Harvard who volunteers at the animal shelter and food kitchen, but I love the dogers so I guess that's that.
 i\"m sorry things didn't work out for you. Definitely don't want things to go sour between us. "
  "because some jobs aren't meant for you to make enough to support a family or live in a certain part of town. Not to support your family of 4. "
  "i hope my brother comes back so we can play music, and i hope he finds some weed.
 Only when I feel it's important. "
 Serious answer: Eat better and exercise properly, and if that doesn't work you might need to consult a nutritionist and exercise therapist. "
 I'm not clear on whether or not you agree with that. At a societal level I would accept that useful things can come from selfishness, but, you know, that's really the exception. Mostly they turn out like Bernie Madoff or the other very intelligent thieves of Wall Street. And although I do admire Wagner's music I don't respect him as a person, and I would not be his friend.   "
 Furthermore, no matter where you go there will always be shitty profs and good ones.  "
  "I like the way you slipped in an apostrophe into a plural.
  "I especially hate it when people call it the 'lock button'.
 You must be American... if you are so fucking stupid to find a four way stop confusing..."
  "HAHAHAHAHA  \"incentive\"  \"weak\"  \"strong\"  \"winners\"  \"losers\"  I guarantee you that at least a third of all people with good jobs in the United States are incompetent, unqualified, and got/keep their jobs due to nepotism or some kind of personal favor.
  "Do not, ever, for any reason, say that you like your steak \"well done\"."
 Didn't get get \"out of the mood,\"? My first date w/future wife was Steel Magnolias.\" What we do for love.
  "Businesses are also using their profit to increase automation in their processes, meaning the jobs that people used to have literally don't exist anymore, and businesses are seeing larger profits as they can replace 10 jobs with 1. The market is filling in this skill gap by training the younger generation, who are already far more adept at using computers, unfortunately it leaves a lot of people with useless skills sitting around wondering when their job is coming back. "
  "because racism is what keeps our country going"
 I'm chill and you're getting all worked up. Happy New Year and have plenty chews and dip(shits) in the new year!"
 The pain is happening to me without my permission.
  "This breaks down with 3 kids. my sisters would pick fights with me and fight each other over the top of me to upset me. So my parents would put ME in the front seat."
  "These people also use credit card touchpads this way. They feel they have to mash that sucker for it to go through."
 Dad took my brother, our friend and me to Big Bear to play in the snow all day.
  "If you think someone working at McDonalds for 40 hours a week, 50 weeks a year at $7.25 an hour produces less value for society than what they produce, I'd like to introduce you to the Wall Street asshole that made $22 million a year ($11000 an hour, in 2007) and ran a 157 year old institution into the ground, Dick Fuld: "Their parents find them as a disappointment. And usually in other countries they would kill themselves"
  "  It should be illegal to advertise prescription medication on television."
 That way with situations like that they don't destroy you financially."
 Casework Concepts Inc. (in Southeast Kansas) and after being there for 3 months you were due for an automatic 50cent per hour raise, so what they started doing was to fire those about to hit the 3 month mark and hire someone brand new so they could pay them crap for 3 months and then dump them and hire someone new as there is always someone who needs a job and will hire on in the hopes of something good coming from it, and THAT kind of business mentality is spread country wide here in the U.S., company profit above all else!"
  "Watch dora the explorer  Edit: this will get me into some kind of list"
 I think Stannis has to die because he's sort of \"evil\" with his alliance with The Lord of Light, but your theory makes sense. I think Tyrion will come back to Westeros in the end and may die a heroic death. I kind of think Tyrion will die in the very end, but definitely agree that Jon will have a major role in the very end."
 He is the Master of Mankind by the will of the gods, and master of a million worlds by the might of his inexhaustible armies. Yet even in his deathless state, the Emperor continues his eternal vigilance. Mighty battlefleets cross the daemon-infested miasma of the Warp, the only route between distant stars, their way lit by the Astronomican, the psychic manifestation of the Emperor's will. Vast armies give battle in his name on uncounted worlds. Their comrades in arms are legion: the Imperial Guard and countless planetary defence forces, the ever vigilant Inquisition and the tech-priests of the Adeptus Mechanicus to name only a few. But for all their multitudes, they are barely enough to hold off the ever-present threat from aliens, heretics, mutants - and worse. Forget the promise of progress and understanding, for in the grim darkness of the far future there is only war. note "
  "I got some asshole kicked out of The wolf of wallstreet a few days ago. He kept shouting at leo like he was going to respond to whatever incoherent bs he could come up with."
 Like, even if she's really attractive. The smell just makes me not want to be around her."
  "I love Taylor Swift.
 Light blonde hair kinda gets a pass."
  "Step 0, get a job that pays well enough to allow all this.
 I would imagine that stick a battleaxe in there would hurt."
 I've got a Bosnian friend, and for some reason, I think it'd be like super cool to have a conversation with him that no one could understand, because the odds of someone else in the room knowing Bosnian is waaaaay lower than like Spanish or something."
  "Kidz Bop has had multiple albums hit #2 on the charts  EDIT: Grammar  "
  "A beginning is the time for taking the most delicate care that the balances are correct. To begin your study of the life of Muad'Dib, then take care that you first place him in his time: born in the 57th year of the Padishah Emperor, Shaddam IV. And take the most special care that you locate Muad'Dib in his place: the planet Arrakis.
  "I think Reddit has definitely taken a turn for the worse in a lot of aspects, racism included, over the last year. I don't think it can at all be blamed on the influx of younger users, there are plenty of older users joining too, it's just the calibre of users doesn't seem to be what it was a few years ago. Perhaps this is just another round of shit-kickers, who will eventually disappear, but Reddit seems the shittiest I've ever seen it, only over the last year.
  "First job was working as soccer linesman/concession stand worker at 12 on Saturdays and Sundays. I don't know if it's possible to get away with this anymore.
 There's a muscle called the cremaster that contracts to pull the testicles into the body (usually as a response to the cold, for temperature regulation). Sumo wrestlers learn how to consciously control this muscle so the family jewels don't get damaged during fights. It's like raising one eyebrow at a time or wiggling your ears; you can do it, you just need to practice."
 I keep trying to tell myself it's just another day, who the fuck cares.
  "I'll give you some of mine.
 because I take pride in being Celtic.
  "\"I don't care\" works with most people at my school. "
  "Yeah but wages don't rise as quickly as manufacturing costs drop, so it's probably not so much the result of higher wages as the result of cheaper technology."
  "Having to explain every joke, illuminate every instance of irony, and clarify every measure of hyperbole.
 I believe I can fly playing from the clouds on repeat above 30,000 feet"
 In the country you may not be able to get seen that day (only because doctors would really rather live in the city). If you present in the emergency room with something non life threatening then you can wait more than 12 hours. I'd much rather face a long wait than know the place was empty because people couldn't afford the care they need. "
  "The double clutching method. I do it just because it feels so satisfying "
 Don't go to law school except for two scenarios - (1) you can get into a top-15 school, or (2) you get into your state's best public law school, in-state tuition there is reasonable, you want to work in that state, and you don't expect to make a ton of money, at least not at first. The worst thing you can possibly do is borrow a ton of money to go to a private, non-elite school."
 Does mom need to work too or not? "
  "While I think social programs are necessary, I do think they create a dependence on government."
  "Pro tip: start out with at least 1 good beer and then move to Budweiser/miller etc. "
  "Awesome, just remember if you get depressed during your PhD, ask yourself, \"How will I feel about this when I'm 70?\". That is, your 70 year old self will probably be thankful that you sacrificed your social life and salary for 4 years in order to secure a better life for the next 40+!!"
 Once you learn the material, one of your local technical colleges should offer the certification test. i cant find these free online courses you are talking about"
  "ditto on the china, every time I look at my china in the cabinet I cringe at the money that was spent on it. And really now with big parties we just use fancy paper plates, who knew?
 A client came in with an order for 6 people. Another volunteer who I have never worked with before said to me, within earshot of the client, \"If she needs an order for six, she needs some birth control.\"  I was really flabbergasted that he would say something like that, so I just said, \"Uh, those might not all be her kids...and anyway I don't judge the clients.\" His response?
  "You gonna regret seeing a bitstrip."
 I consider myself pretty open minded.
  "Gallons of my favourite cologne, I know for a fact that my \"enemy\" can't stand the smell of it. I enjoy eating peanuts but my \"enemy\" is highly alergic to them. "
 I'd imagine the human brain uses more energy in a single day than a plant does in it's entire lifetime. "
 He was supposed to be holding up my sisters legs (they were numb from the epidural) and he was like \"uhh, I'm so hungry. I am going to get some food.\" Then he dropped her leg, walked out and came back 15 minutes later with french toast. Then the nurse asked him if he wanted to hold the baby and he was like \"I'm eating\". "
  "Most college makes admit to regularly getting stoked"
  "My parents were shingling the roof one day, and I wanted to help. (:  I grabbed a nail, and climbed up the ladder to the top of the roof, and held it out for them. My mom handled the situation pretty well considering she didn't freak out her child still in diapers could die from falling that height, and walked over to me smiling as not to make me cry and lose my footing.  "
  "Nothing quite like your first car, fuck yeah! "
 I hate it when service dog handlers are rude and snarky. Another one was how to handle an access dispute. However being a brat about the dispute won't solve anything, neither will trampling over others rights. Filming someone without their permission is an invasion or privacy either way you look at it and in many places it is illegal. Yes it is important to document but teams don't have the right to film someone else without permission and it does happen, there are numerous videos on youtube where the business owners ask the handlers to stop filming and they don't. Linking to the ADA, FHA and ACAA will be more accurate than that site. With the kind of site it seems to be, I feel if I challenged the website owner, questioned his authority or disagree with his opinion in any way, he'd go on the defensive and call me a faker! Last thing I need is a bunch of his cronies on my butt trying to trample my rights. I'm just not a fan of the service dog community for this reason, everyone is so quick to call faker or anything else simply because someone disagrees with another. I have mine you have yours, live an let live.
  "You could prep  paint a wall and still have time to pull the masking tape and so the cleanup."
  "That was because of a slave raid back in the 17th century"
  "Not me, but a friend told me decided not to play rugby in his university because the new guys literally get fingered by the older players. "
  "We met, we hit it off almost immediately. We decided why deny the clear sexual attraction we have to each other and decided to give sex a chance.
  "people don't seem to understand that the .5 mile of on ramp is for you to reach highway speeds not to get on the highway 30 mph below the speed limit then merge make everyone slow down and then speed up "
  "Don't stick your dick in crazy."
  "Ron Jeremy would like to talk to you"
  "At the time, we lived very close to Luke AFB.
 Would really cut back on the absurd amount of choking errors that keep occurring."
  "how much can you lift? "
 Obama was met with a pile of shit in the white house, and has been doing his best to work with it. Compound on to that an obstructionist congress, and there is no chance of cleaning Bush's mess in even two terms."
  "In some places that's the difference between being able to afford Internet and not, for example. It's not meaningless at that level of wage."
 She had become so comfortable around me that when she farted she pushed them hard, trying to make it as loud as possible. It was fucking loud, everyone turns around and stares. She turns red, and looks to me with a \"please for the love of God take credit for that.\"  I stood up and said:  \"Sorry guys, that was my fault... She hated me, *more*, at first but saw the humor in it after about a week.
  "There's no point in feeling bad about this child's demise, because the deck was obviously stacked against him from the start.
  "Yeah, it doesn't really work if there's 2 pedophiles in a relationship."
  "he did specify \"flip burgers\" not be an actual chef or line cook.
  "Idk man but if you go out with your co workers you might learn from them how they pick up chicks and try yourself"
  "[Probably more Information than you reaches the Point of WWII in 6th or 7th grade depending on the school form, and sadly never leaves that until graduation."
  "I knew a girl who had bunny tracks leading to her butthole"
 What about "Losing weight is always better when you've got a support network to keep you on track and keep you motivated. In the past, people used to turn to groups like Weight Watchers. Now, in the internet age, it's all about MyFitnessPal and subreddits like /r/keto and /r/paleo . Either way, anybody intending to try to bring their weight down can't do it alone."
  "Guys can just throw on whatever clothes and look great 30 seconds after they roll out of bed with no effort. They don't have to do makeup or fix their hair or accessorize or figure out which pair of shoes works with their outfit for the day. "
  "I paint them a different color. "
 Also where I'm from a good amount of people seem to think blood is blue and will fight you to defend it."
  "\"Can you smell popcorn?\"  *Everyone takes a good sniff* "
  "Mine rests on my nuts/leg."
 I appreciate your lack of \"college or McDonald's\" attitude."
 On my feet in school but around on my bum in my house including up and down the stairs.
  "Only if you pop a boner. And they sensuously rub against it."
  "I see this happen far too often... people left in the dust.
 I enjoy it though."
  "Did she look like a smurf afterwards? Please let her look like a smurf"
  "I feel like typing mistakes are more acceptable. It starteg out when I was hand writind, and then somehow I screwed it up while typind.
  "I hope yours brings you the balls you need, you worthless waste of space."
  "It's like cookie Russian Roulette"
 It's mine and it always will be.\" I could smell alcohol in his breath.
  "different eating tube and air tube in mouth, too much choking  better support of intestines (less hernias)  wider visual spectrum  the craving for vitamins, not calories"
  "If you like to charcoal grill, get a weber smokey mountain. Or if you really really like to grill, ask for a big green egg, at least 18\" inches.   "
  "The Special forces get deployed to "B-but what about the booty? "
 I had to try it! Now I can out-grandma everyone at work!"
 Troubleshoot systems, load/deal with cargo, eyes and ears in the back. We have a chemical toilet in the back of the plane, with a curtain you draw around it. About halfway through I turn to the other loadmaster on the plane and I'm like \"dude, I gotta shit.\" He starts laughing and says \"go ahead. See what happens.\" I get to my breaking point and go sit down. He waits like 10 secs and then announces to the entire plane over intercom that WDWDASH IS TAKING A SHIT! I'm like hahaha mofo, but about 15 seconds after that an entire cooler of ice gets dumped on me from over the curtain.
  "Is that the small one that you can drink quickly?
 im allergic to cats...severely  so its impossible for me to enjoy them "
  "Oh my god thank you, that looks so much better."
  "The only way to charge a person with evidence is if you have evidence, and if you have no evidence, you can't charge a person using that evidence(that's technically not there.)"
 someone asked you about what YOU did at work or in your studies or as your home project), then it's fine, but if it's someone else talking about what they do and you interrupt them to add everything you know about what they are talking about at every occasion, it's pretty bad. I know I love to talk about basically anything I'm passionate about, and I tend to be passionate about most things I start doing, so I have to make a conscious effort not to sound like a condescending asshole or a bragger sometimes :)"
 I go on vacations and take decent pictures of everybody. When it's my turn to be the subject, all I get are crotch shots and tilted, out of focus garbage..."
  "Traffic light \"The Purge\" situation. "
  "As crappy as Comcast is, you can add a landline for approx $8 extra a month...most are getting internet anyways."
  "The Carolina Reaper chili pepper, currently declared by the Guinness Book of World records as the world's hottest pepper.  "
 Every second top comment was his."
 Folks too often try to justify their drinking--even smaller amounts with that stupid equation of body weight x number of drinks x time passed. If you have to even consider it, don't drive. First hand experience can assert its not worth it. "
 he tried to win me back by writing a song, which was very dull and stupid.
  "What happens if the uneducated goes for the hand while you go for the wrist, causing them to hesitate or parry and thus falling?"
  "Religious, smokes, any drug use, heavy drinking (a little bit is fine but it's lame being around someone always getting trashed or even loopy,) racist, overly emotionally political, democrat/republican, not affectionate enough, judgmental about my hobbies, and doesn't like The Wheel of Time.
 I'm hoping that one day enough people will give a shit about Tim the barista. Sure, being poor in a western country today is better than it was 100 years ago, and there will always be poorer people, but that's no excuse for complacency. We can and should do better."
  "I think we should include student loan debt. Not destroying your credit and having your pay garnished seems like a necessity. I realize not everyone has loans but hell, not everyone pays rent or maybe utilities are included.
  "When you said \"fiddly bits\", I thought I wasn't going to learn anything.
  "I assume you're talking about Canada here, in which case this isn't really a problem. The bleeding hearts will tell you it's an environmental issue, or that it's cruel. The seals are a pest, in some areas NOT killing them will cause more issues than leaving them alone.
  "In the long run telling the truth is the most beneficial course to take. However, this is like a one month dating type thing and the sex is horrible the first time and then doesn't approve, you fake to end it as quickly as possible and abandon ship. Women who are willing to invest there knowledge of the female body with their partners for everyone benefit is a keeper.  "
 Not everyone is in a healthy relationship and not everyone gets out of them as quickly as they'd like."
  "My cat loves to eat grass. We keep her indoors now and bring the grass in to her. After the first couple of times, every time one of us came in, she would do this weird growling meow that we call her \"grass meow\", and insists we hand feed her fresh grass. "
 Or the other approach is to pick times when nobody is around (I used to run at about midnight so that nobody could see me for this reason) until you've made some progress.
 The crowd below starts snapping pics. He holds of a single finger as in \"wait one minute.\" Runs inside, grabs a camera and starts taking pictures of the crowd.
  "That might be me, the name's Spencer, but I'm not too clear on the down syndrome thing.
  "Until they have to surgically remove your watch from your forehead after the airbag makes you falconpunch your own face that is."
  "Well your post seemed a little heated so I responded in turn. I must have misinterpreted your emotion, text is a bitch like that sometimes.
  "It will put some wear on the shift forks but it takes a long time unless you're putting a fair bit of pressure on the shifter.
 REALLY did not like him at first....ended up marrying him."
  "I hate it when Burt squeaks when I walk.
 If I tell my husband I'm just not feeling it, it's fine and he doesn't take it badly. The context here is that we are very open and honest about sex (and everything else). If I do have a complaint about sex he knows I'll bring it up, and he knows I'm not being malicious or saying he's totally shit. So, he trusts what I say because we've built up that trust and openness. If you're young, new to sex or new to sex with that person I can see why it's all a bit more 'on edge' as it were. It has taken time to get to this point."
  "There are a few: I saw A Day to Remember with Rise Against. I saw The Bunny the Bear (my favorite band) in a really shady bar with my best friend and it was so great. Bad Veins played at a local bar with Heyrocco, and I was on a date with my girlfriend, and for their whole setlist I felt like I was in a music video. I've seen a lot of bands there and none besides Bad Veins has put any effort into the actual setup. They had lights in mason jars on poles wrapped with roses. The lights were synced with the music and it was absolutely stunning. Finally, I recently saw Between the Buried and Me at the Orange Peel.
  "my cat will come when he's called.
  "All joking aside, if your car starts doing something like that, just tap the brake pedal (DO NOT SLAM IT), shift the car into neutral, coast to the shoulder, and put on the parking brake.
  "And they're rich because of the lobbyists that give them money  Campaign funds =/= personal wealth "
  "Ok I will try it out.
 We were kind of near the front isle, so we were hoping one would just hear them, but I guess next time I'll have to go get one!"
  "My parents say they used to find little baby toothmarks in the cheese in the fridge"
 Also, it's not any wonder that you'd be able to save money making $16 an hour if you're careful. However, someone like myself who lives paycheck to paycheck can't really save anything."
 Thanks, sorry I really can't afford to give it back.
 I feel more comfortable when I stay away from emotional stuff.
 \"Floam\" wasn't allowed in the house after that."
  "When I was at secondary school (age 11-16) we had a dedicated bus just for us. When I was at college (16-18) we had a pass to get a free trip to and from town each day on public transport and a discount at weekends."
  "A few loads of laundry. Cook supper and find a movie to watch."
  "There are a couple spots with lens flare that are stars but only a handful. "
  "It should also be said that the most valuable employee at a given skill level is one that is content doing a job efficiently for a long period of time. If you give a career hamburger maker a raise to hamburger-maker-manager after 10 years, they are content. Someone who wants that title after 3 months may end up costing the company more than the position is worth. "
  "Call a local UPS store and set up an account to have it shipped there. "
  "I find someone to have sex with."
  "Why does anyone accept to work for less than $24 an hour? $7 an hour would barley cover my lunch, a pack of cigs and a pack of condoms."
  "Informative without bias, like a reddit comment should be.
  "can't get enough of those pens"
  "You have to learn Russian to go into space"
  "I actually hate guys who insist on trying to get me off first!
 This is a great article about it, I don't agree with all of it but for the history, it's personally just don't understand what sort of entitlement people were taught growing up that they think they should have the right to demand to earn more than they earn for the company they work for. If you make 10 dollars an hour for the company with the work you do, and you demand to get paid 15 an hour... well, every hour you cost that business 5 dollars. If everyone does that, soon, half of you will be working grueling hours and the other half will be unemployed. "
  "let someone else roast your beans"
  "Ok I will try it out thanks."
  "That entire post-9/11 issue was amazing. So much perfectly-balanced content, made all the more remarkable by the fact that they were one of the first outlets to return to comedy after it happened."
  "If base pay was increased then your pay would increase relative to the initial increase.
  "When I was 5, I saw veggie tales at church. When they responded with tomato, I only ate the crust because I didn't want to eat Bobs family"
  "I've been lucky enough not to ever have broken a bone, but I was the same way, for a few seconds I'm like 'OK, THIS must be what a broken bone feels like'.
 Vegas loves fraud, and won't do a thing about it if they catch you. And they certainly don't have teams of people whose sole job is to catch you."
 Same reason I wear cargo shorts. Get some air up in that."
 I would also like to add, if you don't know how to be happy without money, you won't know how to be happy with money"
 It was just one of those things where it feels faster if you shake it because you're more actively involved. Basically like placibo "
 *\"A government that robs Peter to pay Paul can always depend on the support of Paul.\"*"
  "wrong I like it "
  "I believe that if any person went on a personal case by case situation then the mentality would be that it is completely wrong to not pay everyone a livable wage. The reason it happens is because big huge corporations don't have to face or see this situation. They basically stick their head in the sand. Often times it's the local small mom  pop businesses that pay better because they see what's happening to their workers. I myself once found out the reason I couldn't get approved for an apartment to rent because personal at my job was to lazy to call back to verify if I worked there. Also, hard work has absolutely nothing to do with success.
  "|like a man trying to wipe the frosting off a wedding cake with a paper towel  Perfect simile"
 I'd have it, and that shit-stain can pay my best friend some fucking child-support."
 I have 2 other caring and generous friends who don't ever let me spend too much cause they're more conscious about my money than I am, so we can all be generous together."
 Fucker stayed quiet after that, even though he told me to fuck off.. "
  "If you put them on a pedestal, they'll have to look down on you."
  " The only companies that can absorb a big hit to labor costs while still keeping prices reasonable are the big chain stores and restaurants that many of those same advocates seem to hate so much. no, you levy higher taxes because they can absorb it more easily. They can just increase their prices and still make the same money  no they can't, else they would do that already. you punish the poorer people who can still barely afford the new higher prices  based on what? you're assuming that the costs of everything will jump in proportion to min wage. more likely, it'll jump much less, because many of our goods and services aren't labor intensive."
  "better yet, just make our digestive system efficient as all fuck, get rid of the waste disposal all together"
  "my pets would freeze to death if I left a window open. luckily they are house cats and don't go anywhere."
  "I listen to Taylor Swift as I fall asleep."
  "While helping an ex prepare her grandfather's house for an estate sale,  we found a box marked \"TA books.\" They turned out to be manuals for Ford Model T's and A's. "
  "I don't usually bring up the fact that I like to stuff hot sauce up my ass, but I don't don't tell people about it because no one asks."
 Please, I beg you, tell more jokes like this, like the one about Brits having bad teeth, or Germans having no humor..."
  "You said that when you try to talk to a woman, sometimes you screw up so bad that she remembers it for months afterward...What do you mean? What types of things are you saying?"
 By the way, rent is over $1000 where I'm at.
  "  That does not sound too bad...where do they get $15?
 Most people who make your argument do it from the supply / demand standpoint, which largely ignores the fact that labor is also a product on the market. We can tell what any given product is worth, yes? Now, many people will ask: If that's what it takes, why have we been able to pay so little for so long? The only way to purchase or acquire an item on the market for far less than it's worth is if someone picks up the tab for the rest.
 I like this one.  "
  "\"Hitting tee throws perfect game at special olympics.\"  I know it's wrong on soo many levels and as a teacher who works with students with special needs I shouldn't laugh. But, it makes me chuckle every time.  "
  "I... wear nail polish. In fact, I'm almost always wearing clear nail polish, nobody's noticed yet."
 My kids can do it.
  "As a man who has a dirty job, I guess I'll just use my mouth. "
 That warm lint feeling. "
  "I read it originally as chloroform. Thought he was being extremely cold and saying how starvation would end because they would all be put to sleep."
 I also thought it was cool that you were working for the Emperor's inner circle on the side and had the secondary mission objectives.
  "Eh, you can be honest without being brutal or insensitive to the guy's feelings. It might help if you choose your words carefully. Saying \"it's useless\" sounds a lot harsher than \"ah I've just lost my mojo for now\"."
  "Move the balls some place safer and less obtrusive. We don't have our hearts or brains dangling out in the open, so why do it for something just as important for genetic survival?"
 All the tourists, regardless of age, get drunk there with little to no consequences.
  "Reddit attracts a large amount of white young STEM professionals who may have hit a rough patch once or twice in their lives, but managed to get back on their feet whether it's due to family, friends, or simple luck. These also happen to be the people most likely to comment on topics that concern economics, social policy and politics in general."
  "Pisses me off how they make all these treats and are seen as a danger to us, yet we don't do shit about them.
  "you cant love someone else until you can love yourself "
  "Somebody give this guy gold and a high five"
 All told it takes about two minutes. You can start off by doing a set at some sort of milestone -  in between games of LoL, at the end of a chapter in the book you're reading, etc -  but then you start seeing results and hopefully you'll just find yourself wanting to bust out a set randomly! "
 There was a serious case here (Ohio) not too long ago involving an Amish family who didn't live too far from me. They refused to let their daughter get the cancer care she needed. Let me find an I don't believe any legal action has been taken *against* the parents, per se. But they did rule that the girl continue treatment to save her life."
  "So popular now even the idiots found it."
  " People who generally believe that not all full-time jobs should pay a living wage, usually do so because they believe in market pricing. They also have a huge case of \"I've got mine\" crossed with a fear of scarcity. In short, they feel that if *everyone* gets a living wage, it somehow diminishes *them* because they are earning a living wage while some people are not. Basically, they feel that \"if everyone gets to live, I am somehow less important. If everyone gets to live comfortably, I am somehow worthless\"."
  "soda is just overpriced poison "
 She went home to get her overnight stuff (she lived ~2 minutes away) and in the time she was gone I unscrewed the lightbulb to the living room door so the house would be dark when she came in. She stood there for about a second after shutting the door and realizing the light wouldn't turn on when I jumped out from behind the door (light was on the opposite wall so she wasn't facing me) and I yelled in the possessed girls voice like she does in the movie \"F**k Me!
  "Early riser gets the worm."
  "In the spirit of this: a Gransfors-bruks forest axe, a pregnant goat, Swedish fire steel. I would rather a pallet of duct tape like on Mythbusters but figured that was cheating."
  "My cat likes bringing me gifts, then wants cuddles and pets as rewards. Luckily she thinks rubber bands are a great gift (I just move them back downstairs and scatter them around when she's brought them all up to my room)."
 I learned it but even now I rarely use my pinkies when typing."
 I live in WV and everytime a driver is doing something totally moronic you KNOW you're going to see Ohio tags."
 Let me eat a bunch of junk food, but allow it to go from stomach to a dehydration intestine, and then to my anus without me having to absorb any fat, sugar, etc."
  "\"I love you\""
  "Except that a person might pay more for a car if it would save money in gas in the long term. In the same way, an employer could see the value in paying higher wages to shore up the consumer base (Henry Ford being probably the most famous example of that). "
  "You make a great point; I really wish minoring in an art was a more enriching experience, so that it would be a better option. But I don't think it's right to discourage people from majoring in the arts, either; I believe art is a vital part of civilization, and it's a shame to devalue the committed young artists seeking to cultivate their creativity and ability, and to lose the potential work of true talent.
 I spent four years learning it at uni, four months in Japan, and I can't speak it to save my life."
  "Off-topic: Another meter reader rang my doorbell when I was in the shower last winter and I just grabbed a tshirt and some yoga pants and answered the door as fast as I could. I didn't even have time for underwear. It wasn't until I shut the door behind her and felt a draft of cold air that I discovered the 4 inch hole in the butt of my pants. I am sure she had an incredible view of my butt crack the whole time. I don't have a good track record with meter readers here."
 Jobs don't even accept paper applications anymore and it's needed to be able to read email / online bank etc. I agree $100 is to much but even on the cheapest DSL plans you are going to be paying 30-40 a month. Also you run into problems such as the hours of the library and the fact that use is limited to 20-30mins at a time in most cases. Also paying for the Bus / gas in your car to get there in the first place."
  "Was invited by my girlfriend and the Young Democratic Club to go see Obama give a speech for 2 hours in moderately cold weather. An hour and twenty minutes later I'm in the line wondering where the hell the rest of them are. Lo and behold my girlfriend told me that: they cut in line and already were in the speech area. Regardless, I made some friends in line with the people around me and got to see a lot of the campus I'm currently attending."
  "Always such an epic feeling to read that. "
 It can turn a small cute word into a giant monstrous scary long word."
  "Cortana level from Halo 3 is fucking grueling to say the least in Legendary difficulty. It's way too fucking dark and enemies pop up like Octomom pops out babies. It's also claustrophobic and the first time, i got thrown in for a loop because i don't know what the hell i'm doing and where i'm going."
  "Designated driver checking in- Making sure my friends don't get arrested. "
  "I will grant you your request on the condition that you write and acknowledge that mountain dew supernova is the best soda out there. "
  "Get brown contacts."
  "My housemates and I have a \"short list\" system when choosing what to watch when no one has a strong opinion. One person picks a few options and the others choose from that list. If they don't pick anything, it's their responsibility to pick the next short list."
 I can say it'll give them great joy. Also, if you DO tell an usher, and they STILL don't shut up, you'll usually be able to get a refund (free movie passes) from the manager after.
  "I work for a large bank in the home mortgage department. "
  "My Everybody that's dealing with this check out /r/calmhands."
  "There had got to be a way to make the reproductive process a little easier.
  "If you have a library a reasonable transit time away, that sometimes cuts it.
 I know of a place near where I live in Florida that has a similar system with German Shepherds. "
  "a toast to the assholes"
  "If you use the entire roll every time, you might want to consider using a bidet spray."
 Boyfriend will get home sometime after midnight, we will have belated champagne and go to bed like the staid grownups that we are.
  "From a fellow Aussie, that sucks mate.
 When you make claims about everyone, and it's not true for someone, it's invalid.
  "Dang, that description was spot on! I just would like someone nice to be with.
 So you like to cleanse your palette while simultaneously eating something?
  "Aaaannd.. [here's why this model of labor is "Also have trouble moving fridges.
  "It's ridiculously easy to get evidence saying that someone looked at a moose. If a police officer says he saw you do it, that's evidence.
 Make healthy food taste better than unhealthy food, and make booze and cigs, like vitamins. "
  "I never knew this was a thing until the last group of new hires that came through my store all did the same thing....it makes my eye with when I see it"
 Every morning he lets me know when he wants to be taken to his outside cage by bashing on the glass of his nighttime cage until I take him outside. Also he won't go to sleep at night until I tuck him in to his padded cave."
  "I usually read a book while I masturbate. "
  "I think the biggest issue is that a \"liveable wage\" is an arbitrary amount of money. If we raise the minimum wage to $12/hour companies start to lose money because they are paying more per hour to their employees. They then raise prices to make up for lost revenue. In order to solve this problem we need to tackle the wage gap, not the minimum wage. The average CEO makes more than 400x that of the average American worker.
 Reading works your brain and will train you to get through boring assignments."
  "It already works, try going on /r/wtf"
  "I call BS on whatever report that was from."
  "Wrecking Ball... Everyone thinks I sing it sarcastically, but I actually really like it."
  "The long nose hairs and the over-sensitive nerves that they're attached to need to go.
 We might not be able to grow limbs instantly. But we cut ourselves, the wounds heal, we break a bone, it heals. We damage our lungs, liver, kidneys, many times they will heal back to near normal.
  "So I should make  1000 fake profiles and use a program to view each video 1000 times.
  "Bacon chips and Pepsi Max. "
 So I walk up to the hostess at this Chinese place and ask for \"Stormtrooper, party of 20\", and she walks me over to this table of stormtroopers with Darth Vader sitting at the head of the table.
  "Any specific brands suit you? "
 We don't have to get a new one every few years like all the other states. "
  "New Starbucks to open in restroom of existing Starbucks."
  "I can tell you how to get to Sesame Street....but you can't go back."
  "Just post the picture of the cat.
  "I'll learn German. So I can sound intimidating and scare people."
  "I personally find it really easy to talk to strangers about this kind thing. Chances are you'll never meet them again, so it honestly doesn't matter much. "
 Like that's the whole point they hang off the body is to be cooler than if they were inside "
  "What I hate the most is \"Guns don't kill people; people kill people.\" Two things:  \"Guns don't kill people, but they sure make it a hell of a lot easier.\"  \"Guns don't kill people, even though that's what they were specifically designed to do.\""
  "Not saying better off, I'm saying can make do without the effort."
 I wouldn't suggest you try it.  "
  "I had sex with a virgin (but no hymen) and didn't find out until like 15 years later."
  "Minimum wage increases to match overall inflation wouldn't be a perfect solution because minimum wage feeds back into inflation, but it'd be better than what we have right now. A local cost of living adjustment would be different because some areas' cost of living increases faster than overall inflation. "
 I've had a man crush on this guy for years.
  "If this thread makes front page, Im gonna have nightmares."
 Someone put an old tire in the middle.
  "I don't know where you live that there is always a stretch of extra lane that extends from the on-ramp, but I can tell you that it's not like that everywhere. A lot of the time if you don't at least slow down *significantly* on the ramp, you WILL get hit by oncoming highway traffic. There is also often no shoulder, so your choices are to stop, to get hit, or to run into a guardrail on the right. Stopping, even if the person behind you isn't paying attention and you get rear-ended, is still the best course of action in that situation."
  "No, all corn nowadays tastes like everything. "
  "Using a fraudulent ID in Vegas carries a prison sentence and huge fine. "
  "One with the most duct tape goes first"
 A stern look is enough to correct them and yelling makes them very uncomfortable (something I rarely do). Anyway, I tend to yell at the TV when I play the vidya games and my dog absolutely hates it. As soon as the Xbox beeps, he gets the hell out of dodge and curls up outside on the back deck.
 I'm not trying to say he isn't at all responsible, but I wouldn't put all of the blame for that on *any* one guy.
  "cleaning a barn see a little white face about knee height  C'mon, that should have been a dead giveaway.
  "He's not forced to work that much by any means, he just does it because he wants to do a good job at his work. He has a salaried position but he still gets to work at like 7am to make sure he can get everything done and he gets home for dinner.
  "I've been carded buying energy drinks before. Not sure if it depends on location or type of drink, but in some cases, I think you do have to be 18 or something."
 So they can see themselves out of this utopian express lane we're dreaming up."
 For some reason it's cool to wear two socks on one foot.
  "Never bang a girl with another guy there.
 It's not fair that Barnsley gets them and we don't."
  "What, your mother never gossiped or tried to set you up?"
  "sometimes when i want to specifically see things that are usually posted there"
  "Cook for yourself, avoid restaurants/fast food/pre-made meals like the plague. You'll save a lot of money. Knowing how to cook simple meals ties in with this, too."
  "The last time I worked in a crappy job like that, yes, the majority of my co-workers were completely inept. Most of the time they spent more time causing problems or interfering with my ability to get work done than they did actually doing anything productive. It wasn't necessarily because they couldn't learn to do their job, but because they didn't want to. They did the absolute minimum to get by or complained to someone else to solve their problems for them.
  "IMHO the reasoning that every full-time job should be sufficient for a liveable wage is about equal to the (mis)conception that everyone should be able to buy his own house. How much you gain by opening the position? The result is that wages actually organize the society in many important aspects - for example education. Let's assume we can agree on how much money should a liveable wage be. Who would guarantee it? Chances are that many of the jobs will disappear - many of the companies may move to a different country (well, they moved here in many cases, they can do that again), they can close altogether as they won't be able to operate without losses etc. the chances are a large portion of the people will get slightly better wages and the rest will lose their jobs (entirely or for a portion of the year, etc.). The employers are required to pay a minimum wage, and the state pays the difference to living wage (it's a bit more complicated, but you get the idea). It however significantly supports \"grey economics\" - it's known that some employers pretend to pay a low wage (barely above the minimum wage), paying the remaining part without any records, so that the person can claim benefits from the state. So the company pays (X+Y) but pretends to pay only X, so that the employee gets Z from the state (thus X+Y+Z in total). I'm not a fan of exploiting poor workers or so, but IMHO wages serve as an important tool in self-organizing the society. It's not perfect, but I doubt there's a better solution to that (we do have our own experience with state-organized society over here, and I can tell you governments are lousy organizers). That they can do whatever they want and someone else will take handle the risks. One of the consequences is the idea that they're somehow entitled to study whatever field they want, and that they'll get good wage thanks to the title. Turns out if everyone decides to study \"international studies\" or \"arts\", mostly because it's nice to be a student for 4 or 5 more years and because there's no math involved, the wages will dive and it'll be difficult to get good jobs in the field (or even outside the field, given the lack of education / expertise). no or minimal tuitions) and helping people who got into trouble unexpectedly (free health insurance), but why should I pay more for terrible education choices done completely consciously? I'm already paying for the education itself through taxes, but why should I pay them additional money (covering the wage difference), further supporting the knowingly bad choices? I admit there are people who got into the trouble involuntarily - they did not have a chance to get the education, their field of expertise became obsolete or much less needed, etc.
  "As a small business owner and also an employee of a separate small business, these points ring true, however I'm sure most would agree it is hard to swallow when one is watching the company they work for making profits that are so completely over the top that even the company can't sink that much back in to create more jobs, all while watching your child eat two minute noodles again and having to explain why Santa doesn't love him as much as other children. Surely there is a model that sees a better distribution of wealth even in the small private sectors?"
 There will always be those who fall outside the lines. Do I think simply changing minimum wage to a living wage is going to change anything? Do I think it will do more good than harm? It's not as clear cut as anyone likes to think. There are far more important things we could be focusing on to ensure more people get more appropriate jobs and wages than simply legislating a minimum wage.  "
  "If they took a shit in my food I probably wouldn't leave a tip."
 Now that I've lived out of home for three years I'm like 'holy shit they bought a chesterfield? Super Amart have couches for 300 dollars, and they fold down!' They can retail up to about $2000"
  "Hey Andy don't forget your giant box of PORN!!!"
  "he been in never land since we met"
  "[You can get food, one way or  You aren't going to starve to death unless you trade your food stamps away for cigarettes or something equally stupid. You can literally earn nothing and still survive. You seem to have this sense of entitlement, like society owes you an easy life just because you exist. Buddy, the world doesn't owe you anything. But you go ahead and get all upset at how \"out of touch\" everyone else is and how it's not your fault. But hey, I guess that can't possibly be relevant to poor *white* people now, can it?"
  "Actually you can do this regardless of what sex you are.
  "Learn to play the acoustic guitar I got for Christmas"
  "With some of the ridiculous things they have you do that I, for some reason can't seem to figure out how to do PROPERLY, please god no.
  "I don't know, I feel like people would judge me if I were to tell them that I have a third testicle. "
 I think they look silly on men and women. No need to reply talking about how I'm crazy, I can't change what I like."
  "You say this now but it's not impossible for there to be some type of famine in the future. "
 A person with \"advanced degrees or years of experience\" will likely earn more than that, there is no reason to pay someone flipping burgers seven damn dollars and have him apply for welfare after working 40hrs."
  "I would always tip a server, even if the service is poor. "
  "I wasn't being serious, I was just making a horrible joke that no-one would ever find funny. "
  "It seriously grosses me out whenever I see pictures of her."
  "A blue juice stain doesn't cancel out a red juice stain-- it just makes a bigger juice stain. "
  "I know book smart people that do this, yet have never been given a decent reason as to why."
 I've seen far too many people vote against their own interests on many things, usually because they're not well informed. For example, they might believe that raising minimum wage would harm most businesses in the country, but may not realize that all kinds of businesses are making record profits and just refuse to distribute that profit to their lowest paid workers."
  " Said person would be spending 44% of his awake life working, only to come home to a shitty apartment, unhealthy food, no tv/computer and nothing to look forward to but the next days work. Or instead they could go to the local library and study for the opportunity to earn more than minimum wage."
  "Tried that  ( basically set up a whole date, only for her to say \"it's out of commission down there\".
  "C'mon, a 160 lb high schooler lifting 100 lbs ONCE and having chronic back pain 9 years later? I'd believe it if it was 250 lbs, and he had consistently bad form for 3 months.
 If a person's job is to bring a plate of food to me and they do then what do I do next?"
 An ex of mine mentally abused me through the majority of our ten month relationship and yet still made me feel like I needed him. When I finally left, I learned not to take crap from anyone again."
  "Oh what about the ones that just keep talking.
  "I don't know anyone in their right mind who would tip EU West."
 Or atleast a patch to fix the shitty kids and adults that we have now."
  "Never trust a fart."
  "Always set a stop loss order. "
  "Task manager for your body so for example if you gained to much weight you could end the process tree of cholesterol and fat cells"
  "Thanks I'll check that out..."
  "the first world IS overpopulated, if you look at certain aspects.
  "So you're saying that people who have no other place to go and/or don't have anyone to room with should just be doomed to living on the streets? I mean obviously any idiot can live with their parents and have their parents pay for almost everything (while maybe charging some rent or asking for help with groceries) and survive. But for those people who honestly don't have any family to live with and might not know anyone to room with minimum wage is effectively a \"fuck you and your right to support yourself\""
  "The server's I play on have lag, Dont wanna tip that server."
 I threw my tampon in the trash (wrapped of course) at my boyfriend's house and he thought I was disgusting or something.
  "This sounds like pretty sound advice.
  "Sometimes I close my eyes for brief seconds at a time when I drive.
 Though to be clear, I hate mini roundabouts in all countries of the world."
  "Better not let the feminists hear you say that."
  "Ezio did not kill the pope. "
  "Yeah, I will, because statistically, it's more dangerous for me to drive a car, and I still do that."
  "The **or** is what really sells this"
 The guy I \"dated\" at 17 was entirely different and much like the people you describe. Although I had already known how to get off for several years he wasn't interested in any of that and just expected me to orgasm from being banged away at for a while. THEN he would get upset about it when it didn't happen. He is literally the only guy I came close to faking it with but I just couldn't bring myself to deceive it, I wanted good sex damnit."
  "You can open a potato business for your Latvian clients."
  "Everyone in here is a fucking moron, and I hate you all!"
  "To be honest, that sounds amazing!
 You dislike the misconception that associates surrendering and the French, yet Americans are the butt of any fat joke.
  "gold please :3"
  "The mentality comes straight from our corporate overlords and is boosted by the excessive lengths that some politicians went to in order to keep unions out of their contributors pockets. The mentality is furthered by disinformation and a complete break down of the American educational system that has occurred in the past 2 decades. Simply put the masses, the voting public are by and large incompetent, under informed and being deliberately misled by corporations who see the poor as their own personal labor pool to be paid pennies while they generate millions for shareholders. With the invention of the right to work state the government stripped workers of the power of collective bargaining and the companies no longer had to hire union only employees. This brought about the initial decline of the upper middle class that remains to this day"
 Even if I don't have much in common with a person, if they're being who they really are, being passionate about what they love, I'll love them for it."
  "The problem is my cousin turns 21 tonight at midnight and I'm the only one who won't be 21. I've heard of people getting arresting for trying to get into clubs and stuff but never for just casually gambling at a machine.
 Definitely not first date material (or second, or third)."
 But I almost lose my shit if people smack their lips when they chew. "
  "shh u sound like ur 40 or some shit, get a job hoe"
  "You're a genius, Reddit loves cats! Oh and I'm celebrating so you get gold too!"
  "Workout like seriously workout that will always help."
  "A guy tried to rob a place early in the morning, but they had no money for him to steal, so he gave them his number to call him back when they had money so her could rob them. Seriously, can you get any more idiotic than that? "
  "I think the two deaths a few chapters later where even more so "
  "Happy green people. "
  "I'm so close to where I was last year that Google Earth wouldn't even be able to tell the difference."
  "When in doubt, kiss the girl."
 prove it bitch, or suck a dick and stfu"
  "Stand against a wall with your heels, butt, shoulderblades and the back of your head touching a wall. Does it feel normal? If not, you probably got rounded shoulders and what we call \"forward head\" (typical to suffer from if you are sedentary). Open up your chest, pull your shoulder blades back and tuck your chin (without looking like a moron), and always keep flexed abs when standing and walking upright. Make sure not to stick your butt out when you do this! Exercise and stretches can help a lot with this if done right. Google rounded shoulders and forward head to find out streches and exercises to help with this.
  "\"I'm gonna need a stick to scrape that one off my leg.\""
  "In Australia it's stand on the left so people can walk on the right."
  "I don't understand why more people don't drive like you. I do the same, because I know it's hard to get onto the highway, and I also don't trust the people getting on not to just blast ahead and right into my side if I don't let them in."
  "There are a lot of people on this earth who needed to be treated badly and when I find them deservingly so, I treat them like the walking shit they are. But those who are good people I treat with respect and kindness, as well as all strangers until they prove otherwise. Just because I may treat someone like shot doesn't mean I would ever do the same to someone I love. "
  "Im not even allowed to go on google at work.."
  " You're telling me that your the type of person who has ZERO problem with doing the same exact job as someone....but they get paid ten times more than you? In fact, you originally said the opposite--that is, not the exact same job, but one totally different, and getting the same amount, not ten times more.
  "i dont see stannis dying actually, in the end hes noble dude. likes to follow rules etc. i see tyrion dying too sadly. it makes sense to me. "
 Here, take one of these. "
  "When your in water it's usually cold, which makes it all shrivel up. Ill add they they're pretty fun to stretch them out when you warm them up, the shrinkage and expanding is visible if you look for it.
  "You're gonna have to try harder than that to be a good troll.
 I, personally, just have random girls that I even remotely feel attracted to come to mind, then I masturbate to them.
  "80 cans of one item/product? That can happen. People still identify things as \"individual item\" so why not have it work adversely? Item can refer to a single product, produced in quantities. For example:   A shipping crate full of bananas can be referred to as item 1. A shipping crate full of douchebags can be item 2. no, not from your standpoint, but as a product it can be singular and quantified at the same time. Perspective makes everyone right. Also, dont be a crate full of douchebags. "
  "I lost ten pounds in the last month by cutting out sandwiches and pizza. "
 Expenses: $500 rent (cheaper if you get roommates) + $40 (electric - most other expenses you can find included in rent) + $20 (basic phone) + $200 (car/health ins) + $200 (gas - you can get by for cheaper if you live closer to work) + $150 (food - again you can get cheaper than this too). That leaves you with $990 more per month to spend on everything else. Unless you're single with kid(s), in which case you're mostly broke. If you only have skills to work minimum wage jobs you shouldn't be having a fucking kid.
 In a few questions I can make your new favorite alcoholic drink.
  "The American Government doesn't work for the American people anymore. We're being forced to accept everything from mandatory healthcare to the size of our sodas.
 To get out of the woe is me my life is horrible shit my life has to get better.
  "A friend of mine went all out and bought large plastic barrels in which to hold water reserves, kerosene lanterns, stocking up on nonperishible food, etc. That said, on the morning of December 31, 1999 at about 6:00 AM I turned on the TV to see if there had been any early reports of widespread Y2K-caused problems. The clock had just turned midnight in Sydney, Australia and everyone continued to carry on as normal, celebrating the arrival of the new millennium (which, pedantics will assert began as of 2001). Later in the day there were still no reports of power outages, dams breaching or any of the other big problems feared to happen, so I knew that by the time it was our turn to ring in 2000, things would be okay... and they were."
  "The intro lines, before the book actually begins, are better in my opinion. Not verbatim, but they go something like:   There is a theory which states should anyone discover why the universe is here and what it is for, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more puzzling and inexplicable.
  "If they spit on my food."
  "If we're talking about the US here, as a non-American, I find it interesting that there is the concept of the American Dream, where you can start out with nothing and, with a bit of moxy and can-do (as well as sticktoittiveness) you can make something of yourself. There's tons of stories about immigrants that started out with nothing, worked like an angry bastard, and now his grandson/daughter is a senator or CEO or something. It seems that this concept is much, much harder to realise in America today than it ever was, as the market environment and attitude of businesses to give a fair go to their workers is so much in favour of the company.
  "Apparently they only take after hour patients but I'm not sure why they were open during the day if they weren't going to take in patients.
 I mean what if I get hungry or something?"
  "The big mufflers they put on little cars that make them crazily loud. I call them buzz mufflers."
  "I feel extremely lucky right now that husband thinks my vagina is sexy. He loves the way it looks."
 I'd also like to hear an Orca's attack plan"
  "My grandfather always said money cannot buy you happiness but it can rent it."
 Nothing like enjoying yourself at a club and then half of the people burn one and the place becomes a fucking death cloud.
 You will have a lot of competition."
 It's just a fact: if you raise the price high enough nobody will buy it. If the price of daycare rises high enough, people will find alternatives such as a potential wage earner staying home and watching the kids while a partner works, or recruiting a relative to watch them, or staying home and going on public assistance. And yes, people can and do leave children home alone at far too young an age because daycare is too expensive."
  "Dude fuck I have to get that."
  "Respect her, and he will respect you. Her parents hear everything I do, and they love me for it. "
  "4-5 rows of razor sharp teeth would be awfully convenient."
 It is something that will have a lasting impact on the biosphere. to bungle this disaster even more."
  "I fell in love a year ago, I met her September 21st 2012, she was the most beautiful girl I've ever met.., we didn't talk much till December of that year, around Christmas we started talking a lot more. We got to know eachother and eventually we fell in love, I knew we were in love because I had never had an affection so strong somebody. I think she's been trying to avoid me :( I didn't get over her until recently, most people might think it didn't mean much, but I was genuinely in love, I would do anything for her unconditionally and I loved her no matter what happened.. I'm just hoping if I ever fall in love again it'll last longer because that time was the time I had been happiest in my life"
  "Spongebob squarepants, if only to kill off as many annoying cast members as possible."
 In my company when you ask for a supervisor, you'll get a paper pusher who will take the info, give you assurances, and have the folks who originally answered the call handle the problem. The people who can solve your issues are the ones answering the phones, solving issues."
  "I think 99% of people that live near a Costco shop at Costco cause they're awesome!"
  "\"I'd love to clean that up for you.
  "ability to delete memories."
  "How world trade center was demolished."
  "No, you only get more jaded. "
  "When passing by seated people in a crowded movie theater...please face them instead of sticking your ass in their face."
  "Well sharks just have a bunch of rows of teeth.
 Like not copious amounts of fluid but little drops that can make you a little wet all day.
  "Also depends on WHERE you live...if you live in New York City, San Francisco, LA, or Seattle, then $70,000 a year won't keep you very comfortable; if you live in a smaller metro area like Atlanta, then it might be enough. Also, if you marry and/or have children, the income you need to keep yourself and your family comfortable will increase considerably.  "
  "Current scientific knowledge suggests it has immunological functions in children's lower intestines."
  "Went to a former roommates' parents' house for a big party. Packed house, the booze was flowing freely, our host's mother was doing vodka shots with all of his friends, telling stories of drinking by the liter when she was a teenager in Poland...and I couldn't touch a drop.
  "If races didn't like racism they wouldn't act so differently than other races.  "
  "Let's go ahead and get this nerve repair thing going. Specifically so we can transplant eyes. Don't take your eyes for granted people.
 Happy to try to work it out of course."
  "I saw toothbrushes. Whatevs, bearded guys need to brush their teeth, too."
  "That's kind of a fun question since if you're 16 you'll be told to see what else is out there. But if you're 26, it's time to settle down."
  " $100,000+ won't make you rich.
  "When your in water it's usually cold, which makes it all shrivel up. Ill add they they're pretty fun to stretch them out when you warm them up, the shrinkage and expanding is visible if you look for it."
 My dog is a 90lb lab mix and still tries to sit on my lap"
 If new years is about starting a new year than why is it we have to wait until 12 to make a new year while the whole earth is rotating the sun at the same time so wouldnt it be at an exact time that we all have a new year. If anyone could bring some detail in this that would be awesome"
  "in which you will probably do nothing, but spend it reading all the update ideas to your post"
 Anyways- and this might sound silly but it really spoke to me - I started watching a show called Buffy the vampire slayer. The lead is a female and it's like total girl power and about how a teenager is able to save the world. She's pretty much my idol and at some point made me realize that I can do anything with my life and make a positive impression on the world by just accepting whatever challenges get thrown at me and giving them my best. So for freshman year of high school I reinvented myself, I even dyed my hair blond to be more like Buffy. And believe it or not but just by faking a smile, being excited, and nice to people even if I wasn't feeling the best, helped me make friends. Now this isn't the most realistic scenario for everyone because its hard to find a fresh place to start, but I'd say the first step you should take is getting rid of all your negative energy. People can smell confidence from a mile away and their drawn to it. But if you're like how I used to be which was visibly upset, socially reclusive and negative about everything then they tend to back away. So once you find that positive energy, try reaching out to people. And if you get shot down a few times, who the fuck cares? You're likely to not encounter that person again and you can go your separate ways (I suppose this applies to dating more). Also you should know that people are not out to get *you*, they're out for themselves. Everyone has or is struggling with something but its not your fault if they're insecure and want to put you down so they can feel better about themselves. So lesson the second, don't give fucks or satisfaction to people being mean to you. This doesn't mean you have to lash out at them but just try to let it go. After that you should try to come to grips with that youre in control of your life. Then go out jogging and join a fitness club cause no one is gunna do that for you. Don't like your appearance? Buy some new clothes, get a new hair cut. And most importantly seek help from a professional. I didn't have the luxury of going to a therapist and had to do everything on my own, but it would have been nice to have some support or at least someone to confide in. Just please for the love of goddess don't shut yourself down and and don't let other people get the best of you. You can even message me if you want to talk more with me about your problems "
 I mean how handsome of a cow are we talking?"
  "The ability to see four years into the future so I can decide if I want to buy a PS4 or an Xbox One."
  "Stuttering like a mother fucker. Mentioning stupid shit and laughing at it like the boston boming. Asking creepy as fuck questions like \"where do you live\", just trying to get to know them better. Dumb shit like that that ends up with them looking at me like I'm a retarded psycho. "
  "Places like TJ Maxx, Burlington Coat Factory, Burkes/Beals, etc do this a lot."
  "Worked retail selling western apparel, workwear and dress-casual for my grandparents starting at age 14ish.
 I've seen plenty of teenagers and young adults act like little children. 16 if you're mature perhaps. "
  "Does this work if I have ios7? Cuz it's saying it won't, but it's also saying I should change the date to 2012.
 Whether that is 2 people working 20hrs each or 1 working for 40 makes no difference. Both parents working 40hrs a week only makes sense with cheap childcare or if the kids are at school. "
  "On that note, no one in this fucking country knows how to correctly handle a four-way stop."
  "As a poor college kid, I like to get drunk as quickly and cheaply as possible."
  "The next generation will be glorious then (He says sarcastically)"
  "thats my point you stupid fuck  union's get money in the form of paybacks for getting some socialist eurotrash wannabe elected at the expense of other businesses. unemployment is crazy right now, that money could have been better spent \"bailing out\" the rest of the country with tax breaks for the people who employee real non-union people who actually work and contribute. "
  "The children are registered and possibly put on a list.
  "so you hate your marriage?"
 While we do have GPS, a light house clearly marks where the shore is."
  "Even in public will I sit with my leg bent so my foot is under my... lady bits. The occasional shifting and pressure feels amazing."
  "**[*ENHANCING* *ENHANCES*]**                   edit: such messages       too enhance                                          please stop replying to this"
  "Saving all your food stamps and burning down a trailer park."
  "Why did you decide to make a career somewhere other than McDonalds? Is it because you knew that it wouldnt give your the compensation you needed to make the life you want? So you worked at positioning yourself to be able to get the non-McDonalds job? You knew that McDonalds is only a Minimum wage job, and not enough to make a living on.
  "Aquariums can be so awesome but many people dont get this. As a personal story, my parents had a 50 gallon salt water tank when I was a kid. The fish they got were amazing! So many colors and varieties! "
  "If you want to go for the Spanish pronunciation, it's not even \"lay\" it's \"leh\"  Chee-pot-leh"
  "This is obv weird and thank god none of my friend go on reddit but whenever I have sex with a girl I always try to convince her to leave her panties here. When she leaves I make an entire night out of preparing her used panties in a soup. I'm not weirdo the panties aren't the only thing I put into the soup I use some chicken broth and vegetables. I like to record myself eating the soup and then after or maybe the next day I watch it while masturbating.
  "It is a cool topic for sure, and I agree with you completely. It's just that I understand that the evolution of language is usually through writers or poets and whatnot, but in this day and age can it evolve in the same way? With the internet and population growth in the mix, not to mention the amount of cultures that can blend into each other or split, can this change the nature of language evolution? We write everything down to communicate on here and now language is a HUGE part of peoples everyday lives. I mean I guess they had newspapers and books but they never needed to write a lot, and the chances of you running into a literate person becomes less by each decade and century you go back to. Now that there's more literate people by number than there was at anytime in our history we can probably expect a change of game in the language evolution department. Because wouldn't language just change quicker and quicker by each year with social media becoming a more overpowering force? I don't know, I'm just confused is all, I might just take up that class!"
  "TL;DR: live a balanced life and don't seek too much praise for it. I read that telling others about the exercise that you plan on doing makes you less likely to do it as you get the feel good factor off of them instead of the exercise. Exercise often but leave rest days so that you don't do too much harm in the long run. "
  "I can see that. I suppose I never really thought that people would take large items through a self checkout.
  "I wasn't even \"careful\" I still ate out, had fun, partied, I just did it with a bit of forethought "
  "It's easy to come off track when listening imo. I usually listen to Cox'n'Crendor podcast (they're stupidly hilarious) when going for a walk with the dog.
 Like waking up sleepy or going to bed sleepy?"
 I can't smoke weed living at home. My mom would throw my ass out or take me to some rehab clinic or some shit if she found out.  "
  "How safe is a slow cooker. I'm paranoid of leaving the house with it on"
  "That would make cleanup... sticky. Plus my socks would be tougher to clean."
 Yes, it's \"evidence.\" But no it can't be used, as a prosecutor would never bring it into court, as it would never be accepted.
 Always walk on the right side so you're not trying to avoid bumping into people coming the other way and stay on the right side if you're just standing on the escalator."
  "An issue that I have with the \"just buy used goods etc, have an older car, no luxuries, etc\" doesn't take into account of those with medical problems, like myself. I work 40+ hours a week, am awesome at my job, have good benefits, save money, shop only at Goodwill, etc. I have a degree and 5+ years working in a hospital doing direct patient care, but I work retail stocking shelves. I fall in between the donut hole of being physically able to just barely work 40 hours a week with an autoimmune condition which stresses my body out significantly enough that my days off are spent in pain and dealing with the massive side effects of my medication. My parents see this as a simple \"Well, just go apply for a better job- you're young, smart, and a good worker\" They finally understood the state of the economy when I pointed out that each cashier at the grocery store was 25 at the youngest- all bright-faced probable college graduates, making less than 10 dollars an hour. With a lot of the baby boomers unable to get by on their vanishing pensions, they're staying longer at their jobs (I don't blame them, we all need money), so the positions which would normally be open to new college graduates are posted, and taken by boomers who were accustomed to higher positions, but now have to re-enter the workforce for a position barely above entry level. It's a systemic issue that is going to keep on getting worse. I'm not expecting to make six figures, or even 40k out of college with a STEM degree, but it would be great if I made at LEAST 20k. It would be great if I didn't have to choose between re-filling necessary medications and putting off a much-needed specialist visit. But likely, I'll end up in a retail job for the rest of my life, slowly climbing up a ladder that goes upwards, but fills my hands with splinters."
 Wait counter question what is your reaction when you see that? "
  "The first girl I loved in a way that was more than just a puppy-love crush was a girl I met at the local skating rink. Both of our dads worked there, so our families were often there late after closing hours on family skate nights, so we had lots of time to hang out, and while we met when we were ~9 years old, we spent time together that way for years, moving on to hanging out outside of the skate rink. We kept touch on the phone for a while, but this was before the era of free long distance, and the costs were prohibitive for a couple of 14-year-olds.
  "I would never not tip, I would however leave a very small tip for poor service. Not leaving a tip can be taken like you just forgot. "
  "    wow             such question                    many thought        much long                       provoking                       wow      "
  "Racism isn't a thing in England because everyone talks the same there, regardless of skin color.  "
 Why put such pleasure zones next to the exit zones?
  "For me, even at 30 I can still go 2-3 times without losing the erection if I'm sufficiently turned on. (But feels compensatingly better.)"
  "If we're out with a group of guys, it's like...  Oh wow he looks so hot tonight\"  Are you finally gonna ask him out?\"  All while peeing or primping in the mirror. If it's a huge group of girls...  Emma looks so fucking desperate in that dress.\"  I know! He looks fucking awesome tonight though. Here let me fix your makeup.\"  It varies.
  "Sounds like someone is a bit butthurt"
  " If they took a shit in my food I probably wouldn't leave a tip.
  "Lel ty 4 downvootz, waste of time bro."
  "La Marseillaise (the French national anthem) includes a bit where your wife and son get eviscerated by the opposing army's soldiers.
 Twenty minutes later the cops showed up and arrested him. He ended up having to take out a shit ton of student loans for a lawyer to keep him off the sex offender registry. "
  "I read that as \"Unpopular Opinion Muffin\" at first.
  "He called it, I called it, i will remember this"
  "What happened to supply and demand? So the invisible hand only fingers the little guy? Raise the pay and they will come. Not enough supply of workers in rural ND?
  "Doesn't get any better the older you get, either. I'm 41 and almost invariably get a hangover if I drink any more. I still have fun, just like to do it a little quieter and smaller than when I was younger. It's not a bad place to be!"
  "You  obviously don't love her as much as Meatloaf."
 But, I would want to hear thinks like that after a week or two had past. "
  "You're not coming across as terribly bright right now....been on Reddit a while, I take it?"
  "If you can't get work you can get a deferment extension or payback can be pegged to your income. If you do your research upfront and study something with a decent market then there is little to gamble. Not to mention you will likely be getting grants, which in the US at least, will almost completely pay for a community college on their own there will be little debt. "
 Sounds like you went with the wrong \"daughter.\""
  "Did you see the big pirate looking ship in the bay?
  "Even when we get crappy service, happens alot as my husband just attracts it, we still tip. Normally we tip quite well if it's bad we leave the standard 20%.
  "Want boxes of shit in your house?
  "Self confidence is not something you can just hit a switch and turn on  i disagree. work out, eat healthy, and just dont give a fuck"
  "So do you really notice every time?
  "My first time learning this rule was in D.C. (and f*** anyone who says the rule is obvious, because if you grow up in a small town in the midwest it's not) I was lucky enough to be there with someone that had the sense to grab me by the collar and throw me to the side. The people there, if they don't yell at you, will literally just topple you over."
  "Nice, keep it up :)"
  "I saw this in another thread  When guys \"scratch their balls\", it's not a literal scratch like you would do to your back or side, it's more of a gentle pinch and roll, or any variation of this motion  A lot of times, I just gently grab the scrotum and kind of extend it outward. Pinch your extra elbow skin and do these things, and it feels kind of similar"
 Some girls can't get enough of depressed guys, while others hate them."
 I tend tothink you are an ass if you are saying something like this.
  "....What...what if you find a bobbypin *AND* a piss mark on the same spot?
  "Wanna try again, champ?"
  "Listen to the people around you, a lot of times they can see things you can't. "
 Good for the mind soul, and body! Keeps you focused, clears your mind, and such a huge stress reliever. Quick to learn, impossible to master, and the sense of achievement, and accomplishment after you get after a good run or learning a new trick is amazing. It impresses people with even just a simple few tricks. It can be done nearly anywhere and not a whole lot of people do it well. I will DEFINITELY continue in 2014.
  "Did you try submittinng a bug report?"
  "That type of mix-up would be interesting...  \"Here, smell this rag!\"  Shoves rag into face of victim  \"Smells like grass\""
  "Also, eyelashes tend to dislodge and get into our eyes."
  "Girls, when a group of guys hang out and a girl walks by, we tend to make comments about them such as \"I'd hit it\", \"I'd bend her over\", etc, to other guys we are with.
  "[Gays Too Precious to Risk in "But it's just air and probably doesn't smell? I'm guessing, it doesn't have the same content as a fart."
  "Microwaves vibrate water, so the food is actually drier."
  "They are starting to develop those.
  "I like how he licks his eye"
  "Because Norway is awesome, and it's not considered rude to not tip anyone here."
  "Pick three people, assign \"Fuck, Marry or Kill\" to each."
  "What's worse is when people stand right in front of the doors so that when they open, you have to bulldoze through them to get out the elevator."
 There are different areas of knowledge but what are the other kinds you refer to?"
 Seeds and peels of things are edible, but they don't taste as good. "
 Furthermore, the first four card digits didn't match up with the card type that he presented. (Each bank has an identification number or range of numbers, many of which I have learned to recognize after years working in retail.) Unfortunately, it was a Saturday before Christmas and the store was packed so I wasn't able to get his attention. A long line was beginning to form behind the customer, so I went ahead and rung him up anyway. I told him that I suspected the man had been using a fraudulent credit card.
  "Speaking of Darwin...  Why don't we let the homeopathic hippies all die of broken necks or overdose on soy-free soy tea, so they can't survive to reproduce and there won't be any more."
  "I often wonder why in the hell a person would even do this. It sucks so bad.."
  "My friend once ditched a buddy and myself when we were supposed to be playing Halo to see his girlfriend. So obviously me and said buddy put like raw fish and other shit all in my friends car while he was inside his girlfriends house. So me and the other asshole buddy went on a stealth mission to retrieve the smelly shit and got it all over ourselves in the process and it was a shitty situation all together "
  "I tip of the service is good. Servers aren't entitled to s tip even if they think they should be. You got to earn it. "
 But how you feel them and deal with them is entirely subjective :)"
  "I never got a pair, but I saw the ad on tv and wanted them so much. "
  "To their credit how often do you need to power down a phone?
  "\"I love Tom Brady!\""
  "When my cat covers his eyes with his paws while he sleeps and the way my labradors look at us while tilting their heads."
 See back then I was the Angel of Death and Lucifer and I used to play poker on Sabbath while listening to *Sabbath* (of the Black Variety). I needed to set myself apart! Franz (This is God's real name, he's a programmer for Outside, a popular game, see /r/outside )...well Franz was pissed. Jokes on Franz; I decided it would be funny to still be referred to as a Seraphim, and with my popular nickname growing, Seraph Grymm seemed like a sure fit! Proof: [Only I can let something like this  "
  "Man tries to rob gun store with cop inside.
  "Shit must be clean of shit then"
  "Wearing those arab head scarves as scarves around your neck....gosh I had like 20 and thought they were so cool......"
  " the first world IS overpopulated, if you look at certain aspects. Does this mean that humanity is populous past what our planet can support?
  "Don't drink half a gallon of apple juice in one go..."
  "Shit, I will almost always either passive agressively trip/stand up and hip check kids who run around like that."
 Rough lesson to learn the longer you wait, the harder it is."
 is just kind of gross, I dont know how people in Europe eat it."
  "Just look to see what side the people who aren't moving fast stand on and stick to that side. That way, you don't have to remember which side to be on for each country you ever wind up traveling to."
  "(Distancing from \"thieves get death)  What property is your own?
 McDonald's catches all the flak but their signature item--[the 550 calorie Big actually qualify for the [SIMPLE  section of the IHOP menu. A friend ordered a chicken pot pie at a local bar  grill that was so huge I half expected [twenty-four to emerge when she cut into it.   "
  "Friend gets in jail for a DUI. Other friend comes to pick her up... drunk. Both get DUI's."
  "No, I'm just curious, as someone who will be getting \"a BA from a good university\" in May.
  "I sneeze into my bicep because I have orangutan arms and my elbow is further away. "
 The security here isn't the \"big guy\" in town sitting at the door of your local bar working for tips and shots. Generally, the security here is top notch and you will probably get caught if gambling.  "
  "I tried sneezing into my arm and I dislocated my shoulder :("
 I'll keep everyone posted on how it goes. "
  "Vikings didnt wear horned helmets."
  "To get serious replys"
  "Yeah my test was around a block with two stop signs and speed limit in the area only 25 kind of hard to fail unless can't get the parallel parking down which is also kind of pointless where I live as there is really no place to parallel park it's all parking lots.
 You look like an idiot when you hold it on top of the rod and reel backwards. "
  "When he's excited to see me he wags his tail so hard is butt wiggles"
  "There's always someone that'll like anything, but the majority aren't interested in people with depression (not because they're depressed, anyway)."
  "How does Darth Vader eat Chinese food without removing his helmet? (This sounds like a bad joke on a Popsicle stick.)"
  "Also, Amazon has \"lockers\" that they can ship to, and the individual can go to the locker and pick up the package.
  "Be nice to waiters  okay  make eye contact  FUCK.
  "Your best bet to be safe when driving is to assume that everyone is trying to kill you. Learn to drive defensively. Sometimes stopping is wrong (but people will still do it) and sometimes it is the only safe option because everyone around is driving too fast for you to merge without getting hit. If you don't speed and maintain a safe following distance behind the car in front of you, you can avoid most accidents. "
  "Find the motivation to loose weight and finally ask a girl on a date."
  "I don't have a reference or citation, but based on a [fairly conservative they ballpark it to be $100,000 to age 18, per child (roughly $5200 a year, factoring in inflation). It is incredibly unlikely that the average child is going to contribute $100,000 to the family expenses (barring extraordinary entrepreneurial, athletic, or entertainment-based success). This is why I felt comfortable saying that most will be a net negative."
  "If I scold my dog he will avoid eye contact and then when i'm done he will roll around on me while giving me kisses."
  "Being a sociopath :) Cold and calculated rises to the top!"
 You can live fine sharing an apartment with someone else. My husband and I don't make a ton of money, but we learned to budget. We deal with cell phones we bought six years ago and keep to the cheapest plan."
  "Is there actually a comic like this about male nipples? I'd like to see this."
 Most people break the handle when they open it."
 then he came up to me giving me the death stare, so i grabbed my grandparents hands and ran to the back of the building. then in the back of the building there was this trail of sidewalks in a garden. so while I'm still holding my grandparents hands i go down the trail avoiding touching the plants. so then my grandpa trips over a vine on the ground and dies. i start to cry but keep going, at this point my grandma is walking but I'm pulling her hand so she goes faster. then a plant breaths a poisonous gas into my grandmas face. she started to walk slower and slower until she collapsed onto the floor within seconds. then the doll from \"my teacher ate my homework\" (yes it is a real movie) came up from the ground in a desert and started to run around the world just to kill me.
  "Yes, the key is find someone that is into what your into."
  "I would have given her a ride to the bus stop. "
  "He's used all his up now, he's using a boost he got in the form of other time lords throwing orange juice into his mouth"
  "One problem even if you get 40 hours per week (LOL !) at your minimum wage job you dont make close to $20k a year."
 Some girls like depressed boys  2. Some girls seek out quieter personalities   tl;dr Every girl is different."
 And I want to pick her up and take her to bed right that second.
  "A local boy kicked me in the butt last week. I really don't care, in fact I wish him well, 'Cause I'll be laughing my head off when he's burning in hell."
 I can agree completely.
  "I don't leave my house"
 I ride the bus to school (college) and I can't tell you how many times I go to get off the bus, walk down the couple stairs, and have to make some awkward dance moves with an idiot trying to get up those same stairs too early."
  "because labor (especially \"minimum wage labor\")is a commodity that can have a value placed on it like any other commodity and the market forces of supply/demand and other fun words from Econ 101 play into the value of said commodity. Why do Google engineers make gobs? There is a limited talent pool and it is hard and expensive to get that educated. Why do fast food workers get paid little? Practically anyone can do it and if you don't like it the next kid with an application will. -This sounds very anarcho-capitalist, I assure I am not. I think we need a free market, within a framework that promotes a \"fair\" system. Instead of dealing with minimum wage, especially at the absurd level of $15, why not figure out a way to have big business have to \"payback\" the societal burden they place on taxpayers because we have to \"subsidize\" their workforce? Or have a tax metric in place where the CEO can make ONLY 1000 times their lowest paid employee in total compensation (therefore requiring employees get raises if the CEO wants one)? And I am not saying those ideas can work, but the issue isn't low wage, the issue seems to be low wage in the face of EXTREME profit...but even the idea of EXTREME varies, see the discussions on the Hep-C cure, 85K is expensive, but actually not extreme when you think of the BILLIONS sunk into the RD over the years (and not just at the company Gilead bought, but over all.)
  "I just don't tip at all. They get paid by their employer, per se, so whats the point? We all gota make our own money, and you know that guy on that one reality show (dragon den i think), who's like \"You dont give away money in order to make money. You keep all you got.\"  REDDIT: uneducating people since 2013.
  "Yeah but you also won't have to pick her up after you fucking drop her. "
  "I work in IT. I sometimes have to do this to find the company that owns a name server for DNS."
  "They may not have a purpose now but its still a traditional way for ships to find land. I don't see why we would take away lighthouses eithier, but I do see the point you're making"
  "I think the real problem is cost of good will rise with a drastic increase in minimum wage. Most people who are outside the jump will see a marginal, if any, increase in wages. Thus, in effect, a pay cut for people in skilled positions who have worked hard to get out low paying jobs. The real issue isn't minimum wage; it's wage stagnation as a whole.
 Especially for those of us who don't automatically fall asleep upon climbing into bed. For example  I almost always go to bed between 10 and 11 PM, and get up for work just before 6 AM. HOWEVER, going to bed doesn't automatically translate to sleep, and the nights I do sleep, I usually toss and turn for a few hours beforehand. Every 23 weeks or so, for up to 4 consecutive nights (although usually only for 23), I will continue to follow this bedtime, but will not actually fall asleep at any point during the night. Unlikely causes:  * Caffeine: I don't drink any caffeinated drinks after 9AM on weekdays. Usually this means I sip on a single cup of coffee between 6:30 and 8:30AM. I sometimes will have a second cup of coffee in the late morning or early afternoon on weekends. Day of the week seems to be completely unrelated * Alcohol: Although it does seem to put me to sleep. I don't like the idea of consuming alcohol just to be able to sleep. It makes me feel like an alcoholic (I usually have 34 drinks a week, usually restricted to weekends) * Stress: I don't think I'm stressed out. * Naps: If taking a nap (or going to bed ridiculously early) causes me to be unable to sleep that night, it doesn't keep me from sleeping the following night * Hormones: It happens at varying parts of my monthly \"cycle\" * Diet: As far as I can tell, it's not any specific food that causes it  I'd love to consistently get a full night's sleep, but it's a completely unrealistic goal."
 Like why would you want to be so close to a stranger that you can touch them?
  "It certainly feels like there has been a shift. I really hope the case is as simple as \"the kids are not alright.\" If these are adults perpetuating this nonsense, then we are in trouble. "
 If your an intelligent woman then act like it. If it turns men off then they weren't right for you anyway"
  "To take a great year like 2013, and put it to shame with the shit I have planned for this year."
  "I was four and I shit in the corner of the room and covered it in baby wipes to mask the smell.
 Now multiply that by 5.
 Keith will still be alive.
 I'd like to settle down in The Shire."
  "A bit extra makes little difference to me. When my husband put on weight I didn't find it noticeable until after he lost it again."
 People fail to recognize the \"minimum\" standards in America are pretty substantial/exagerated when compared to other countries.
  "Absolutely - it sounds like a pretty good place to be! Give me a quiet night in with some good friends than a wild night out any day."
  "Only the \"fix him\" type of chick likes them. Thing is, once they fix you, they lose interest."
 They're like the Borg."
  "I have one other friend whose feet are starting to look crooked/in disarray- she wears heels often. I have a bone spur near the ball of my feet as well from wearing flats that are too hard and flat/not enough cushioning, and 2\" heels that I might have worn once/twice a week at most in the past. I shudder to think how women's feet will look like decades in the future from hours of daily wear."
  "You need to inject some excitement in your life, this winter save up your money, sell whatever you have to and get into sky diving and/or scuba diving. Also take up a couple of cheaper adventure sports such as hiking, camping and mountain biking. Do this amd focus on it and you'll find women be incredibly easy to speak to."
  "When in doubt, pull it out "
  "In Vail, Colorado, can confirm.
 I held my breath because I felt like I was too loud and alive. I will never forget it. It's haunting, something that makes me flinch to think of, but it's my final memory of my mother, so I can't live without it."
 They're in need, they're depressed, and they're literally trying to kill themselves. How good of a husband can you be if your first response is to judge instead of help?"
 I feel you and apologize for the way some of us project our social insecurities onto other people :("
  "That's in a vacuum, it's more like 800."
 It gets to a point where it is so revolting that people vent on here."
  "They don't cure anything. They're good for you, but they don't cure you."
 But love denied is not the same as the pain associated with a throbbing member unable to release."
  "Area man panics after accidentally 'liking' 381 of his ex-girlfriends Facebook posts "
  "Where I work there's a Quantity button. You press that, enter the number, hit enter, then scan the item.
 I hate when I drive through that God-forsaken state. "
  "late as all hell but I really hate it when a guy tells me \"yeah, you definitely want to bear my children\". YOU do not get to make the decision about MY wants.  "
 i would take communion several times a year, if semen could be made to taste good. soooo tired of \"it doesnt feel good\" and \"it doesnt taste good\", i like going down on her, i just want her to enjoy going down on me more."
  "Where was it stated that you need a place of your own and that your job should be paying you to? It's actually quite selfish in terms of space to want your own 1000 sq ft place to yourself.
 Your post really reinforces that for me."
  "It'd be poetic if the retraction had to be at the same level (front page), and have the same amount of personal information of the editor(s) responsible.  "
  "I havent gotten my license yet so he's the only one that can drive and i was thinking of taking a plane as he never been in one.
  "Money over $57000 per year can't buy happiness"
  "Hey, smell me! "
 My 8 year old neice received a kit for Christmas and she taught me how to make them. I begged her to let me have a pack of bands and sat there for 4 hours making these stupid things like I was in middle school again. I was so excited about them and went out and bought my own kit 3 days ago, but I haven't even opened it and probably won't.
  "You could roast your own beans. Will help with the cost and you can buy in bulk."
  "You aren't the only one who love your boobs."
  "'If you can't handle me at my worst blah blah blah'  Yeah, she never said it."
  "It's like the *Ghost Busters* of young adult literature. The basic concept of the story is kind of scary, but the writing style and the ridiculousness of the whole thing makes A Series of Unfortunate Events some of the most hilarious books I've ever read. It helps that the funniest character in Lemony Snicket's books is Lemony Snicket himself."
  "they have a different culture you cannot simply say if it worked for this nation it *must* work for us. If you look at the obvious we have a higher population so we need a lot more prisons by default and we can't go spending the amounts they do to make the prisoners feel at home and shit and the outcry of the victims families when they hear that the killer is playing tennis while their child lay in a cemetery. I do feel we can better the prisons in this country but simply taking out the death penalty is not one it should serve as a reminder if you do this you will die "
  "There is no true age you can assign. I've met really mature 16 year-olds and really immature 34 year-olds. "
  "So then remove the need for them to be cool while your at it."
 I love your plot twist, that would certainly make things more interesting."
 Because of that they bend over backwards to not offend any minorities (even if those minorities never asked for that), and any sort of criticism of the behavior of members of some minorities gets instantly shot down as racism, and no sort of national pride is allowed, except during international football tournaments, and even then it's seen with contempt. Any statistic that might show an increased criminality of immigrants gets immediately discarded as being tainted by racists, anybody whose views on immigration laws aren't on the far left is basically the next Hitler. I've seen posters hanging at my university against the surveillance state right next to posters that that called out (with photos and names) members of right-wing parties that were students at the university, telling you to shun them whenever you see them. I feel like Germans need to understand that nobody will think of them as nazis just because they said that the guy from a foreign country who killed his sister for going out with a white guy might not belong in this country with his twisted worldviews."
  "Better night vision  Ability to see clearly underwater  Ability to turn fertility off/on at will  Only storing as much fat as we need   No-wipe shits  Limb/organ regeneration  Ability to breathe underwater "
  "But god made us a pull tab!"
  "Can you provide us with an SDK so we can make the upgrades by ourselves?"
 I start work for them this month :)"
  "Cancer and heart disease survival rates in the US are among one of the highest in the world (too lazy to pull up a source right now), among several other diseases. Vast majority of drug development is also done in the US, especially for things like antibiotics and vaccines, often footed in universities by NIH, but also a lot by industry in the private sector. US healthcare is great for those that can afford it.
 To point out how dumb people are and make ourselves feel better."
  "Money buys you *options* and relieves the stress of money worries."
 He thought he could walk up during my friend Bruce (very intimidating husky) and tried to steal his bone while Bruce was sleeping!
  "Well, first, the leader of North Korea would have to turn into a woman....we're just completely ignoring that fact, then? "
  "Let's start: call your teacher a *putain* or *salope* and you'll get an A for sure. "
 I'd make so much money translating, haha. Or Icelandic, because I hear it's pretty goddamn hard. I actually learn languages fairly easily, getting the hard ones done would be great."
  " The only people that will judge someone negatively for admitting they make mistakes, are people that you shouldn't associate with anyway. Life has been kind enough to arrange itself such that this option is always available, to everyone, at all times. As soon as we leave school, we all get issued with a form that has all the personality traits we are willing to encounter over the duration of our lives, and the authorities take our selection and ensure we never have to deal with any undesirable people, ever.
 Being that the planes fly at a max of 10k feet above sea level and the ground is 5k feet above sea level. A 5k foot drop compared to an 8-10 in a coastal state."
 And we all know smell affects taste."
  "It takes more energy to digest and eat than it gives to you, and it's filling, so you don't feel like eating anything else. "
 You don't see the world through her eyes, through the eyes of a depressed person. In our eyes, the world hates us and no one cares for us. To us, words of kindness are all lies, to us, no one loves us, to us, we are burdens. In her eyes and mind, after she killed herself you'd be relieved she was finally gone. Try to gain some empathy and see the world through other's eyes.
  "That explains why my phone didn't like the word!   "
 Just look at coaster tycoon. That just blows my mind. "
  "Well it still kinda works as a reply."
 If you can see your vehicle in the mirror, they are wrong!!"
 Many people, including currently my 70 year old mom who is existing on $500 a month, are willing to work for free because it might open up an opportunity for them. Please consider the nuance we remove when we legislate one minimum price for all labor. "
  "Slapchop kicks ass"
 We had to get up and grab our own plates from the sushi bar. I thought it was over, but when it came time to pay the bill, she ignored us yet again and I had to walk up to the hostess to run the card. Did not tip AT ALL. The restaurant was fairly empty as well, she was too busy texting on her phone and gossiping. I still go to that restaurant a lot, and I love their food, but I almost cried that day. "
  "I got involved with a Facebook page that highlighted some unpleasant facts about my school and people got suspended. EDIT: I refer to it as a fad because half of my school got involved but it only lasted 3 days. "
  "I have a couple of speaking lines in a movie with Jason mewes.
 I always notice something new."
  "My cat jumps up on my shoulders after I get out of the shower and starts licking my hair.
  "I see your point but no, I wouldn't agree with that. I don't think I have the right to tell anyone how they should or should not provide for their family, especially someone who is a hard working member of society, no matter what their job. Edited to add: Also, I could tell a McDonalds worker with a family that they 'shouldn't' have that job all I like, but where does that get them or me? So I really don't think we can tell people they should have this job or that job when it's not an even playing field and someone needs to work in McDonalds or America would shut down."
  "Moving out would probably help you acquire a gf then. Weed is sort of \"cheating\" in a way and you can always try to occupy yourself with stuff sober. Since you like cars maybe you could try fixing one up? Obviously it's pretty shallow and meaningless in a way but at least you could get your dick wet and have the warm feeling of accomplishment from cruising around in something you made."
  "I'd really appreciate it if my hand felt more like a vagina."
  "I don't have one because I'm about a smooth as broken glass. "
 Having a slightly lower rate of conception/birth (not failed babies, simply babies that were not conceived), could be very useful."
  "For me it was never the tail deflating. It was the just laying there, face down at the end.
 Maybe this [Hyperbole and a comic can help you understand better.
  "Could be that the added heat increases the smells given off so enhances the taste. Smell and taste are closely linked. "
  "\"I'm sorry, but, I hate you and you're wrong.\""
  "Ay gurl, I have a bone we could *share*."
 Not only does it degrade muscle and make you feel really crappy, it puts your body in 'starvation mode'. Whatever food you do eat, your body will retain as much of its energy as possible. When you eventually stop starving yourself, you will regain all the fat you've lost. Also starving yourself does provide some immediate weight loss, but this is mostly just water loss, and will be regained once you eat normally again. * If you're uncomfortable with your body image, there are plenty of exercises you can do at home. If you have the money buy yourself a treadmill or stationary bicycle for cardio. If not, find some circuit training exercises. Weightlifting is essential (I'll get to that.) You'll have access to all the equipment you need, you might meet like-minded people, and you'll be in a good atmosphere to keep you motivated. Don't feel like you need to go to the gym, working at home is equally as good. Just use common sense, you know what foods to avoid and which ones to eat. Eat lean meats and vegetables. Unfortunately unless you want to be stuck eating the same thing every day a basic level of cooking will be required. In order to tone the body some weightlifting is good. Just work the basic muscle groups, arms, chest, legs, core. When you work a muscle you break it down. Some have misconceptions that weightlifting will make you big and bulky. It will tone your body and make you damn sexy, no matter what gender you are. * You'll get a better view on fitness and incorporate it into your lifestyle. After you've reached your goals and just aiming to maintain you're current weight you'll find it much easier. More unhealthier foods can be eaten, less exercise needs to be done. Of course some level of control is needed but most of it comes naturally. A good rule of thumb is, weigh yourself weekly. If you've gone above a certain weight limit, cut down for a few days. * A tip when weighing yourself.
 It may get looked at, that the \"risk\". If another woman's boobs are popping out in a low cut it just distracts the eye."
 Unfortunately I don't write every day in my journal because it's just too emotionally exhausting, but I make up for it by just jotting down ideas I have throughout the day. Later on, they serve as great prompts. "
  "We love our moobs"
 It blows my mind how incapable some people are at using a fork and knife..."
  "I have created my own form of mutated hunt and peck. I use my pointer, middle and ring finger only. I only shift for special characters and to top it off I use caps lock for every time I want to capitalize a letter. That's right caps lock on and off every time. I'm sorry, and I wish I could just type efficiently but I think I'm stuck with this method for life..."
  "I have only cable internet service with no TV service, so I constantly get calls from the provider trying to convince me to upgrade to an internet+TV package. They can never seem to wrap their heads around the fact that I don't want it. Them: But how do you watch the ball games?
  "I've totally experienced ejaculation without orgasm, if I get near the edge and then don't stimulate as it happens.
 However, he was not paying attention, and I saw, through my peripherals, that the disk was about to hit him in the side of the head. I reached out with my left hand and caught it 1 inch from his nose, giving him the \"dude, I just saved your life\" look."
  "How will 2014 be different? How will you make it so?"
  "You guys ought to stick together, like pages of that magazine."
  "I would love to learn French partly because I live in Miami and will like to better communicate with my Haitian peers. Also I think it just sounds sexy lol."
  "Is that the weird spray that Shaq advertises?"
 Everyone in my family had them... and my dad still wears his."
  "Haven't felt love yet :("
  "You guys should make out."
  "It quiets down when you get older. Several months after that night I accidentally became the leader of a local street gang  That does not sound like it quieted down."
  "Haha, it can be. It's the \"all the buttons fastened\" look that grinds my gears.
  "I'm drunk and your comment make me happy about the state of things in the world.
  "By working like you want it. I earned my degree and make more than twice the national average household income within a few years of graduation. Everything you do in life was your own choice so you have to own up to what it takes to dig out from those choices. "
  "The legal age of consent in Mexico is twelve.
 - turn it into energy , I HATE pooping "
  "Too early to tell, check back in, in 12 months."
 I like it to be tidy."
  "ahh I see what you mean. In that sense I get it."
  "I've had several, but spread out over time.
  "This is why I like my union shop.
  "I work for just barely above the minimum wage, $8.00 an hour. I do not support an increase. Raise the minimum wage, suddenly the company will have to charge more for their product, in order to pay their employees and still make a profit. All this will do is speed up inflation and I'll be right back in the same damn boat. Doesn't matter how much we make an hour. While I only make 17000 a year, I am very much a proponent of 'Survival of the fittest.'
  "Know someone who can get you a job"
  "Reminds me of those books by Suzanne Collins, where the main character is named Gregor and his little sister can't pronounce his name correctly."
 I was about 4 year old and was totally ready to just get dropped off."
  "so then you couldnt lift me :("
  "Please learn how to properly use commas.
  "\"Yeah, I love locking them in the basement with an active fireplace and watching them burn\"  Gets a laugh out of /r/thesims but probably wouldn't go over well on /r/aww"
  "Still don't believe in ghosts by my dog randomly barks at the air and whenever she goes in my closet."
  "ITT: very low level goals.
 From the sounds of it you don't know a thing about your OWN book... "
  "The other issue to this is that most employees are rarely given a true insight to how the business they work for performs financially. As a high level employee for a small business I can tell you this is very purposeful.
 I have top secret files of him doing too secret stuff"
  "cut out the middle~~man~~flora in converting sunlight to usable energy in a way that doesn't turn people green (i just redecorated and green wouldn't work)."
  "It's things like this that make me love humanity."
  "What about a thinner, lizard style one?"
  "I find something else to distract me without just jerking off (which is a copout IMO). My go-to is seeing my friends, it gets my mind off it."
 If you feel guilt...talk with a professional councilor."
  "I can't move out. I make a total of 10 grand a year. But even if I saved up every penny I could just barely scrape by with rent and utilities. I do attend auto cross events but every single woman there is there with their boyfriend or is surrounded by 10 other guys wanting to fuck her.
  "I'm sure there's rich men who would pay to watch that"
 Pilots have to retest (and get medical clearance) every two years in the US, so why shouldn't drivers?"
  "Blonde tips in my hair.
  "And after it's over, you gain 50 IQ points."
  "In PGH there was a church-run check cashing place/credit union called 'Grace Period.' They would lend you up to $250 interest free, but you had to pay back the money and open a savings account with $50 in it. After the initial 'free' loan they charged people (iirc) $15 plus a $50 savings deposit to obtain additional loans. Obviously the idea was to eventually save up the $250 and leave the place. I'm not saying it was perfect (and the organization was hit hard by scammers and honest mistake makers alike) but it seemed like a good alternative. The problem is that the kind of people who habitually need payday loans are not the kind of people who naturally follow rigid structure."
  "Quickly drop your pants, shit in your hand and throw it at the nearest object, screaming \"jolly ranchers!\" (repeat as necessary)"
  "While I appreciate your judgements on my life (extreme poverty in childhood to high earner in adulthood), age (25), and thought process (in this case, coldly rational), Reaganomics doesn't influence me in this regard nearly as much as being able to do math.
  "Driving slow in the fast lanes."
 Once you get to the weight you want, just set the weight cruise control and forget it."
  "Maybe not, but what you're doing by denying her employment is contributing to the system that keeps shaqueesha in that environment."
  "I don't think there's any intrinsic value in blind experimentation. If you can get instructions on something and get it right the first time, why not? Yeah, you learn from your experiences. But there's nothing important in life that you're really expected to jump into without *any* help or advice. "
  "Apparently I'm a doctor and investigator in the Public Health Department at a major university-I'll take it (those credentials are way better then mine are, and it sounds like a pretty interesting job!)"
  "Weed smells like shit. I don't hate people who smoke it, but the smell is a huge turnoff."
 Sometimes there is legit pain down there if a high state of arousal is continued for long periods of time with no relief. When it happens, it feels as if the vagina (as in, the actual hole you put things in) is opening up and it starts aching. ETA: I fix matters with my hand. As in, I make threatening motions towards my SO to bully him into commencing with the baby-making.
  "[I want to play a 20 doge  If doge dies and with it the doge coin cryptocurrency, these 20 doge coins will be worthless, however if it continues on course to the moon you could be a slum doge millionaire.   "
  "How she runs slightly sideways, and when she walks, she bounces. I love my cat."
  "Of all the things to be a turn off, its kind of bad to choose something that the other party cant really do anything about. Still, if I had to listen to type of laugh all the time I might agree with you completely."
 What if your job is to punch rattlesnakes in the scrotum?
  "What's the worst that can happen?"
  "Who the fuck gives a shit what other people do? It doesn't affect me."
  "\"... and those blind to their own unvividness will call their addiction moderation.\" - Nostradamus"
 If you like comics, theres no end to the entertainment. In the battles forum, people post fights between superheros, and people debate on who wins, its fun to read, and generally just cool. The RPG forum is self explanatory I think, it has no rules as to what you can do, it's an extremely friendly community and all around just awesome.  "
 I feel like there's a time bomb just ticking away inside me!"
  "You would need to drink a lot more water, though. This may make things worse in Africa."
  "\"Just throw the babies under the drawbridge, that'll take care of em\"   /r/dwarffortress  - Some of us have problems "
  "What was he like off camera?
  "You click the reply button... then say who you're replying to...?
 We fell together like it was meant to be. Not saying I didn't, but his lead to him needing some time to think. Or maybe it was just his fear of family. I only hope one day I'll feel it again. Perhaps there never will be. Anyway, I don't regret it.
 Reddit hurt lenny ):"
  "Havw you guys not considered washing ur butts on the loo?
  "And if you go to a country where telnet drive on the left, stand on the left!!"
 2) Tuna is cheap, throw it on some pasta. 3) Protein powder is cheap, $50 tub of optimum nutrition is 70 servings of 24G of whey."
 They're not even my arguments, i don't agree with most of them. This type of discussion, from either side, is yelling at mountains. It may feel good, but you're not actually saying anything except that you prefer the color blue because it is a cool, calming and relaxing color over red, because red is the color of anger. My points (again, I was not taking sides) are simply the opposing view in favor of red. If you had hammered my points as being value based rather than factual and pragmatic, instead of presenting equally value based arguments, you would have been equally correct."
  " Also, there's no real need for modern people to store more than 50 lbs of fat. There's already a system for this... please stop eating more than necessary"
  "Fill out their deposit slips at the bank."
  "i have and im not saying i know the book inside and out. this book is leading into a more mystical realm... weve seen a lot of people die and weve seen a lot of people die and come back. and you know martin doesnt kill off characters just bc they got hurt. unless martin makes it clear a character has most certainly died you cant believe it. the hound for example, there are whispers hes dead within the book but those are all words from characters. to me with the way martin writes im just not buying anyone is dead until he writes the death out for my own eyes to read. "
  "Man I love internet doctors  \"Got cold feet?
  "i'd like to remove something like my ears or eyes and have them grow back in case of deaf/blindness"
 To be frank, I was naive @ 25  thought I could \"make\" it work... but it takes 2.
 If you force up wages, any given business will not be able to hire as many people as it would have before"
 She wouldn't go see professional help, even though I implored her to do so. She has spent the last year or so alienating me; I do nice things for her regularly, I work overtime every week and still do all the housework, I'm the one that gets up with the baby at night...but I get no reciprocation, nothing back. She'll agree with her therapist that we need to communicate better, but then she won't actually open up to me as soon as we leave the therapist's office.
  "I think you're missing a key point - I'm talking about clean potable water. Freshwater Aquifers are drying up at an alarming rate and growing populations in arid regions is putting more strain on the water supply. The water cycle only accounts for where the water goes....most of it ends up in the ocean either directly through runoff or indirectly through sewer discharges into rivers.....and yes it can be treated to become drinkable.....but thats not the point....the point is DRINKABLE water without extensive treatment is not plentiful"
  "I was going to say clubs in college if it was that. Like maybe yoga, cooking, dance, things like that. "
 Don't approach it like picking the woman up is the goal. The goal is just to make small talk with her. If your goal is just to practice talking to women rather than picking them up you might put less pressure on yourself. It might feel weird at first but maybe it will get easier and easier and you'll feel more comfortable."
 No one needs to see the actual scores, if you like it you upvote, if you dislike it you downvote.
 I'm presuming you are living in North America here, but please correct me if I'm wrong."
  "In Nov. or Dec.  85\" Arrow Air charter and the 101st airborne was on the plane. Somebody collected all the reports and posted them online, it's been yrs since I read it but it's out there.
  "A few years ago I was at a special screening of a movie called \"Ed Gein: The Musical.\" As you can imagine I went to the movie thinking who could pass this up! The director was there and gave a speech before the film and everything. His laughter was almost sad too like he was depressed. I feel so bad for him.
 It will make you look physically better, and more presentable. It just smacks of immaturity. "
  "that's like mounting the CPU on the outside of the computer case to increase airflow."
  "I've been going out a bit too much lately so tonight I'm thinking I need a no pants, no bra, no phone kind of night mixed in with a lot of wine and hours of playing harvest moon. "
  "Internships are very helpful, employers want to see that you have some experience working in a similar setting.
  "Hmmm...to me there's a big difference between men who are just quiet and reserved, even those who are socially inept, and those who are outright depressed. I don't like overly loud people and people too extroverted exhaust me, so quiet and withdrawn and shy I can be attracted to. Even socially inept, if not too severe, can be cute for a short while.
  "They look horrible."
  "I can relate. My mom is pretty hard of hearing (not technically deaf but pretty damn close) to the point where if we are in a group setting or there is any music or a tv on in the background she has to stare at your mouth to have any chance of knowing what you're saying. She's even gone as far as reading the lips of people on tv (like during a game when a player is cursing and complaining). Though I always feel bad because if I'm not looking towards someone they can go on a giant rant and by the end of it when I realize I have to either ask them to repeat it or just pretend like I know what's happening."
 One one hand, I listen to a lot of Korean music, and it would be nice to be able to understand it. I'd probably pick Spanish because it's more practical."
  "Yes, but I wouldn't change too many things. I wouldn't mind reliving those events.
 Because it's not very likely to stop someone from doing something like that maybe she wanted to get caught? "
  "Little known exception:  if you're out walking outside somewhere with no one else around, you're much better off to just keep your hands by your sides, rear back and sneeze into the world."
  "The ability to fall asleep at will."
 Think of the 80's, all the women \"9 to 5\" workers, secretaries, etc that were required to wear heels, we were treating them as they age, so for 10-20 years they wear heels every single day and SO many bunions, hammertoes (the crooked/in disarray toes), plantar fasciitis and neuromas, then would come in for treatment back when I was a P.A. Not so bad any more as work places aren't \"requiring\" high heels, but of course, it would depend on your job. "
 I over analyze everything and love to talk."
  "Are you okay if guys dress like that?"
 That's getting dealt a shitty hand in life. Having 'an albatross around your neck' isn't what keeps people from prospering in minimum wage jobs. And even if it isn't their fault...**somebody** has to step up. Who else can do it besides the employers?"
  "I'm 7 months into my beard and get that shit all the time.
  "Practice makes perfect unless you're gay."
  "My cat hates everything and is as sarcastic as a cat can be. He would roll his eyes if he could at the level of affection I give him. to help me feel better :)"
  "I tuck mine around my nuts, pointing straight down."
 It's even more annoying than dolan"
 Like all animals when threatened, I draw back my shoulders and take a large breath to appear even larger, maintain eye contact to display dominance, and get off that elevator at my own goddamn pace."
  "I've never experienced a break up. "
  "I dislike vibrators."
  "As someone that has large gums, I feel a little more self conscious now..."
  "In the UK, they start retesting at age 70."
  "Memorial page for my uncle."
 It's a real kick in the pants that my fianc died."
  "i love them alll."
 I also saw Donald Rumsfield at a chow hall after a long day. He put of a really self-righteous and sleazy vibe while keeping a smug look on his stupid face. I couldn't bring myself to eat."
  "Haha, sometimes I regret it..."
 "Didn't you find out about that?
 if a girl has skin as nice as mine ill be quite content (note: I don't wear makeup)"
  "Bend down in a squatting position, grab the object with your arms, stand up. The goal is to use the stronger muscles of the legs to lift rther than using your back. It's easy to injure your back if you pick things up using back muscles."
 If your a stoner looking dude, better clean it up and don't let them know until after they hire you. Wear something actually nice to the interview, don't go crazy but wear a nice button up and some khakis. Because I'm better than everyone else, I work harder and I have goals in life. I won't stop working until I reach my goals. Practice answering interview questions, have you friends and family do mock interviews to prepare you for anything. If something is dirty and needs to be cleaned I'm going to stop what I'm doing and clean it. I don't send anything out that I wouldn't eat.
 You don't see the taste, you *feel* it."
  "I will be working in insurance and will work in upper management. A master's degree will be helpful when running operations."
 Cheesy flick but the end scene when the guy's dead wife wrote letters for their daughter and future new wife to read pulled on the heart strings..."
  "Then where do we get pets?"
  "I kicked down the side view mirrors of my ex's car when I saw it parked one day.
 And how would diapers work?"
  "That if I ate the seed of a fruit or vegetable I would become pregnant. Im older now and I ABSOLUTELY HATE the seeds from any fruits or vegetables."
  "Waiting for my friends to get ready so we can go out for NYE.
  "I'm curious why you want people to insult you."
 Apparently your minimum standard of conduct is being less of an asshole than her other relationships. Probably hold that shit over her head everyday and never miss an opportunity to rub her nose into it, amirite? Really you sound like an awful person and I'm not just trying to be internet contrary or shocking.
  "I read somewhere that regeneration limit was imposed as a safety issue, and when the Time War \"started\" (lol time war having a fixed starting point) they gave everyone all their regenerations back as a way to strengthen their forces. I've also read that there's no actual regeneration limit and they made it up to get people off their back."
 I don't get it. "
  "[I want to play a 20 doge  If doge dies and with it the doge coin cryptocurrency, these 20 doge coins will be worthless, however if it continues on course to the moon you could be a slum doge millionaire.
 Well I didn't exactly wait, I paid a guy to wait in line for me, I was over in the bar down the block sipping martinis. "
 Also Google some local Mountain climbers and find a good spot for begginers and go THIS weekend. "
  "I instinctively feel there's something wrong with my reaction, but I cannot muster up any other feelings. EDIT: At first glance, that comic made me think of me and how I interact with the world (except for my kids, they bring infinite joy to me, as she used to). The thought hit me though....maybe she's feeling like that for the first time ever, and isn't sure how to handle those feelings, or lack thereof.
 I like cars and I play video games to pass the time but I don't call it a passion. Girls that like that are always surrounded by 5-10 guys who want to fuck and date her like a goddamn body guard unit.  "
  "But then we can't jerk off to some childish notion of *justiiiiice*! "
 In this situation, I am assuming that population growth will be taken care of by those who can afford to have children. Just look at Japan."
  "The inevitable heat death of the universe. "
 This is why drug companies can patent their drugs for seven years and charge whatever they please.
  "As a machinist I see this often enough. As the minimum wage goes up you start hiring people with a little more skill, plenty of people looking for work that fit. taking away an entry level job that a kid could have gotten to get in the door. Last time I changed jobs I went from $13.75 an hour to $8.00 an hour with the agreement that it would go up as I proved my value to the company. Now that I have learned the products and machinery I have value to the company and the raises/evaluation come every 4 months As long as I work hard every day. Don't be pissed off if someone can walk in and do your job for less money, that just shows a failure on your part."
  "Nobody spreads rumors about me.
  "Walking in on the right side in narrow hallways!!! Everytime you slam into someone it just gets really awkward."
 A lot of people don't understand what migraines are so they diagnose themselves and call any bad headache a migraine. People will lie and doctor shop until they get one to write a note saying they have migraines. This makes them eligible under the FMLA for time off work any old day they like. This kind of behavior hurts people who actually have migraines because it causes people to assume that the real sufferers are exaggerating or lying as well. At one corporate office of a large company I worked for in the past a department of 800 or so people went from 10 people with FMLA leave  to nearly 100 in a month. Word got around that if you could get a doctor to write a note saying you get migraines, then you could use that for FMLA leave eligibility. Of all those people that suddenly took advantage of that, there probably were one or more that legitimately had migraines, but the end result was that the rest of the employees assumed all these people on leave for migraines were full of shit. This hurts the actual sufferers. "
  "Latin, so I can speak of anything and it sounds like i'm exorcising demons."
  "\"hehehe.. uh.. want to like do it\""
 At the moment I'm learning subjects which I will never again need for the rest of my life, in an all-boys school.
  "On a scale of 1 to America, how free are you to grab a drink with me tonight?"
  "My dad worked at a halfway house, where former prisoners live for a while while they get their shit together. He was determined to go see his daughter, now an adult, whom he'd abused. My dad knew the journey would take minimum 30 minutes, because he travelled it everyday.
  "Seriously, it's like 11k and counting today.
 Because I think all laws should be written assuming that people will try to abuse them."
  "Nobody should have to like \"How You Remind Me\", ahahaha."
  "Turns out it can buy happiness "My cat looooooves to have her left arm pit scratched. She will come around the left side of me, slip under my arm and then extend her left front leg so I can scratch. When she really gets into it, she sticks her nose straight up and licks the air.
  "Even though some people might make comments along the lines \"well, you still have to live in North Dakota\" that's quite the steal."
 Anyways, I can attest to that, CV is just freaking awesome, anyone who likes comics owes it to themselves to try it.
 Boss likes it.
  "Give me a blow job and when I burst make sure to swallow and keep eye contact.
  "Inspired on phone saint "
 Shy is cute, it shows they're like a pistachio. They have a shell(their shyness) but if you can break that shell you can get to something good(hopefully). It's usually not a huge barrier to break and the shyness is usually caused due to nervousness or something trivial like that. Depressed/withdrawn/socially inept is not some shell really, it's who they are. I know they might not have a choice on if they feel these ways or are these ways, but it is their choice to express it outwardly and project it onto others. Fake it until you make it, put up that front of you're happy, even if you aren't, and learn to be at least pleasant in you're outgoing personality. Be happy and outgoing, although faking, and when girls get to know you they'll find out how you truly feel and they'll love that you opened up to them and if they truly have a nurturing side to them they'll feel that as well. Of course, there are always girls out there that are like guys, that like going for the broken toys for various reasons. Whether it's so they can fix it up, so they can abuse it's brokenness and then move on, or whatever.
  "No, that's a new level of asshat I hope to avoid. "
  "Not wet no, I call it the tingles. Because like the name, the area gets fucking tingly as all hell.
  "\"Check out my Daniel Defense build!\" would get me several \"sweet\" comments on /r/AR15.
  "Pretty sure teeth also exist to chew things."
  "Had a series of incidents about 10 years back when I'd be home alone, someone else would get home, smell gas, and realize that a knob on our stove had been turned so that gas was coming out, but not turned enough that it was lit. It was very unnerving, especially as I couldn't smell it."
  "If you want to go all out, Wolverine pulls a Cell.
  "I have found it rather challenging to eat by itself. I like to put it in chicken salad or dip it in peanut butter. If you're interested here are some reasons why [celery is good for "I saw it with my mom.
  "[I want to play a 20 doge  If doge dies and with it the doge coin cryptocurrency, these 20 doge coins will be worthless, however if it continues on course to the moon you could be a slum doge millionaire.
  "Your place isn't affordable to someone with your income, that's why you come up short each month. The general rule of thumb is that you want your rent to be about 30% of your monthly income. I'm not saying you can find a cheaper place that is walkable to your job, just that you don't have an affordable place to live."
  "Don't pick a fight with someone bigger than you."
  "I work this weekend and I don't have ski's or a snowboard. Fuck, I don't even know where to rent one and I feel extremely uncomfortable going some where by myself that if I don't know what to do. "
 ...Because I'd bang you on every piece of furniture.\""
  "The saying means that if you wake up earlier, you get what you want sooner than someone who wakes up later - basically first come first served."
 Got hit with a fine which we couldn't dispute because we were already set to leave the country.
  "I'm at work and have been giggling about this comment for the past three hours.
  "I don't have many turn offs, but once a girl told me that her \"pussy was as tight as a 7 year olds\".
 Once you get used to it, it's pretty good."
  "Smile and laugh every day, and appreciate the small lovely beauties in life- there are many. I'm sorry to hear about your year; I hope that it will lead you to appreciate more and take on the world with an open mind."
  "I think I understand where you're coming from, and I see why our opinions are different. You're looking at min wage as a stepping stone, a place to grow from, and I think that's probably the right way to look at it in a well-adjusted world, but the reality is that people are stuck in those jobs instead of eventually growing out if them. From that perspective I'd had to agree that a small hike would be adequate, but then the expectation would be that companies would increase salary over time or be more generous with bonuses or raises. It's unfair to expect someone to stay at the same low-wage place in their lives for more than a few years. It's a tough question and I don't know enough about economics to make an educated statement, but it certainly needs to be examined from a realistic standpoint and take into account who has those jobs and what their needs are. The company shouldn't pay people who don't do work, but I think it's fair to expect them to be willing to treat their employees with respect to their personal needs. If I had to put a number down I wouldn't mind seeing how $15 would do, but honestly something that high doesn't make sense. Being adaptive makes more sense than blanketing the issue."
  "I don't know, kind of makes sense to me. So, it's a double insult, like I barely care enough to listen to you, but I could care less and just ignore you completely too."
 I understand you need to slow down but the very second the road verges into the exit, do NOT slam on the breaks and start driving 30 miles an hour. People are coming off a road going at least 65 behind you and just might slam into the ass of your car."
 You say that \"Companies, similarly, have a maximum amount of money, that, if they pay higher than this, the cost of paying you isn't worth the value you bring\"  But that's not actually true. For example, Burger King needs workers to serve the hamburgers to the clients, and there wouldn't be any kind of profit at all if it wasn't because of those workers: they are the ones that actually do the transaction, they collect the money in exchange for the hamburgers. You cannot say that one of those workers brings X amount of money to the business: the only thing you can say for sure is that the business has certain expenses (wages and paying for the burgers) and it has some income (the money clients pay). You can then distribute the costs (wages) over different kinds of workers but that's quite arbitrary actually. I'm sure this is not my best explanation but I hope you get the idea: there would be no profit nor business at all without those serving burgers, so the \"value\" they bring is not that straight forward: they bring the money for the whole company!"
  "Most of the load goes on your legs, which are stronger. If you lifted with only your back, you will eventually hurt yourself very badly."
  "[Assad Unable To Convince Putin That He Used Chemical Weapons On funnier a couple of months ago, but I think most probably still get it"
 Like a young professional fresh out of college or a teenager trying for a part time after school gig to save some cash?"
  "More than one random stranger has told me they love me. Another was drunk, old, and in my fucking face on the Metro. That he loved me like no man ever had and I just had to love him too.
  "Do you like to make fake female account's on dating websites?"
  "In Michigan you must always secure your infant in a car seat when the vehicle is in motion...unless you are breast feeding the infant.
  "The word \"douche\" followed by any form of transportation.
  "All dry cereal"
  "If you don't mind me asking, why haven't you tried it? "
  "Real name: Facebook  Username: My MuseScore account (I write and transcribe music)"
 It's so much fun :-) I think half the fun I had was trying to break into the Major League draft, and I treated it as sort of a meta game. Now I'm practicing just to get better so I don't embarrass myself :-D"
 Another important thing to remember that being a hard worker doesn't make you a rare find nor does it make you valuable to everyone. Imagine if I put the same kind of thought and effort into a post that some of these other people do but it's still a shitty response.
  "The Hippocratic oath also says you have to contribute in paying for the training of future doctors. It's pretty selectively followed, so it doesn't hold much weight.
  "When he decides it's bedtime, my cat will sit in the middle if the room and wait for me. Then after I get in bed (a loft), he'll climb up the ladder and crawl right up to me and sleep. "
  "Some of these states are states that can fire you for any reason they deem fit, no matter who you are. So saying they can fire you for being gay is like saying they can fire me for being white. Here is an example: It is the policy of the state to prohibit discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, the presence of any mental or physical disability, status with regard to marriage or public assistance, or participation in lawful activity off the employer's premises during nonworking hours which is not in direct conflict with the essential business-related interests of the employer  The important part for LGBT is the \"participation in lawful activity\" it does specifically state LGBT, but it is implied. for firing, anyone can be fired for any reason they deem legit."
  "I know that we're supposed to ridicule Asians here on Reddit, but being able to have your way with a bowl of noodles, *for breakfast*, in a random hawker in Asia somwhere, without fear of judgement, is freedom."
 Because I don't see any evidence here."
  "When I was used to clean out a woman's vagina. "
  "Or how about we don't hate on anyone based on what sort of pants they wanna wear or what sorta music they listen to?"
  "The responses to this comment indicate that a lot of ~~Americans~~ people are unaware of the difference between a roundabout and a traffic "The don't retract anything at the moment though, they say 'charged with..' though the public reads 'convicted of...'."
 As I walked through the front doors of the venue, two black men block my entrance: \"Get the fuck out of here boy, this is a private event.\" My Great Aunt overheard  the comment and went after them with her cane  \"...and never come to one of my parties again wearing short pants!\"  "
  "Fry's Electronics is a big chain in the San Francisco Bay Area, and while they've moved away from it now, they initially sold all sorts of grocery and dry goods.
  "clen tren eat hard"
 How'd you get the job, what'd you major in?
 Yoga pants are pants, leggings are not... Just to be sure though, girls should ask a guy if their butt looks good enough to wear them first. Two wins for the price of one."
  "light-heartedness and an inability to take things seriously"
 I'll see if I can find it and reupload it."
  "So this trend will continue with the mechanisation and offshore outsourcing of labour. Does that mean we just keep going until market forces are allowing people to starve and the labour pool is reduced to the point where there is some kind of upward pressure on wages? Or our social structures start to crumble to a point where they match those of Bangladesh and thus people are able to live at a much more primitive level and are thus able to accept lower wages? Or we can funnel the profits of companies through the inefficiencies of government and have food stamps and other welfare to supplement sub-living standard wages. Sometimes they need to be regulated to produce what we want."
  "No study can accurately estimate which potential employers opted to never enter the market because minimum wage was too high, nor can it predict which employers opted not to expand their workforce that would have if the wage were lower. The simple fact is that a wage increase has to be paid for somewhere. Fewer raises down the road? The hope by most pro-wage increase viewpoints is that it's simply paid for by lower profits for the upper class. Just because there's no visible increase in unemployment doesn't mean there aren't still negative consequences. "
  "My cat stands up when she wants food. Like she knows where we keep the food (on the window ledge in the bathroom) and runs in, jumps onto the toilet and stands up trying to hit the food. Its so cute, but everytime you walk past the bathroom she runs in and sits on the toilet.
 However some places like adding [more roundabouts to your   "
 There's more than one way to fix a problem, so try to find the constructive ones. Source: working for a telco requires a lot of creative maneuvering to get a yelling customer to be a happy one when you don't have any options."
  "Watching Jesse Pinkman's captors shoot Andrea...fuck!"
  "Oh i did not know of this, now i feel bad for all the times i sneezed in my hands and wiped my hands on my pants and moments later i shake someone's hand"
 If a girl lights up she could go from a ten to a five just like that."
 ;) thanks for giving a hand tho"
  "Less sensitive pain receptors in the feet. Stubbed toes and Lego traps will be way less horrible. "
  "Mountain Dew and water at work.
  "You have addressed many of the issues related to raising the minimum wage, except one. These increases are reflected in higher prices, which means that within a reasonable period of time, the 'new' minimum wage is no longer as valuable as it was.  "
  "Do you really hate your worst enemy enough to waste a legitimate wish? I mean, there will always be enemies, but wishes are rare events. I'd just wish for happiness, because what do enemies matter once you're happy?"
  "Man I bunch I'll probably keep doing it too. But I refuse to use hash tags on Fb or any other place where there not neccesary, like regular conversation. "
 15k a year is very livable, but don't expect to buy a house on that."
  "I think what he was saying is that they'd be inside of his body, so that you can't hit them at all."
 It is absolutely awful even before children are a serious thought. "
 The way I eat I'm not gaining, so if I processed food a little more efficiently, I would start steadily losing weight, and I'm at the low end of the spectrum. On the downside, athletic folks would need to eat a lot more to keep their energy up, so food shortages might become more of an issue than they already are.
  "Jerkity jerk jerk jerk"
 I squat down as closely as I can and aim it between my feet."
  "I swear, I always look forward to reading your comments. They're like delicious little short story chocolate chips sprinkled throughout my daily reddit experience cookie."
 If two cars are of the same quality you will always buy the cheaper car."
 Make a complete life style change. If you diet, you will gain all the weight back as soon as you go off it. If you change your life style, it will be much easier to keep the pounds off. But eat healthy, drink water over beer or soda. You would be surprised how much just cutting soda from your diet can help. People don't realize it is more about what you drink than what you eat. You can eat the same crap you always did, just eat less of it. Even people who eat healthy can have problems with losing weight if they have large portions. People always say to cut snacking from your diet to lose weight, but they can be helpful. Having a snack in between meals can help satiate a strong appetite that can cause you to over eat at your next meal. If you go into a meal extremely hungry, you may eat far more than you need. Eating a small snack can help prevent you from going in for seconds or thirds and help you keep your eating under control. Also try to be more active. Run around with your dog outside instead of playing tug of war inside (if you have a dog that is). Pick up a hobby like basketball, or if you can't find enough people to fill a game, try to find a disk golf course (or something similar). Over all, being in shape isn't hard or \"impossible\" for some people. It is just about living the proper life style and keeping with it.
  "That footage of the kid walking his dog, puts the lead down, walks through a puddle a couple times, then picks up the lead of the patiently waiting dog  continues walking.
  "Here, let me pull off your dick so you can pay for Adam.   "
  "Most women I know don't, but some particularly large-breasted women will sleep with sports bras, claiming that it hurts if they don't."
  "I'm going to chew the rest of my can of chew tonight and buy another tomorrow. "
 Those guys get old, they must see a lot. "
  "Depends on the country though, in left driving countries you stand on the left (at least in Singapore and Australia...)"
  "Resolve to not get mad. Straight up, so many days are ruined getting mad or upset over trivial stuff. You (hopefully and most likely) have a reasonable quality of health, you aren't homeless (you have access to Reddit after all), and you aren't in a warzone or under the thumb of a tyrant dictator. Your mood really depends on mindset, so just grin and carry on being happy. Don't brood on anything negative, but put your mind somewhere positive and resolve to just be happy. It will change your life."
 It blows my mind how many people when approaching a 4 way intersection with NO lights operational just blow through. "
 The last chapters of the last book makes your head spin.
 You don't see too many 13-year-olds that would do that."
 However, certain cuts made with certain knives are still best with a finger on top of the blade. Pinch grip is only best most of the time."
 There are people there that are genuinely trying to find happiness and are doing no harm to others. Don't ruin them.
  "I'd like to build on this; I've never seen pot in person, either."
  "Now that's how you impress a bird. "
  "That there is a lot of independence in college, but I can actually, kind of do it.
  "Where could one find a class like that?
  "I have no problem with someone making good money if they *actually* contribute to the fundraising, but Reddit often seems bifurcate the issue into a totally false binary: either the CEOs deserve to make high six figures, or they should make absolutely nothing. If the CEO is making high six-figures, his salary is actively detracting from charity, and he's far worse than the CEOs at a large hedgefund making the same amount because he's operating under the guise of good will and charity. There's a middle ground, and it's NOT pay him 20 times what the lowest paid worker is making. Yes, some of us will be upset no matter how much the CEO makes.
  "We carry ooooooooon!"
  "Apparently he just kept trying to move to other rooms to fuck this chick while his girl followed him, too."
  "Vaginas are funky, but I don't mind them ;] "
 I know if I ever saw a traffic light flashing yellow I'd know to keep driving and not just think \"wait, wtf?\""
  "Finding more aliens form other universes. "
 The \"internet\" can exist is in many different forms, but poverty is definite."
  "Half glass empty kinda guy are you?"
  "To girls, when swimming in the ocean, does salt water hurt!"
  "I think if you write native code( C++), you may be able to disable it. You might be able to do it in C#, but I am not 100% sure and I am a bit lazy to open up Google, then search for Google, and proceed to Google this. "
 He also has an obsession of sticking his face in people's boots.
  "Long term/ short term memory upgrades.
  "Your post made me cry.
 None of that makes me objectively better than those people. My skill-set is in demand by the market so I'm certainly happy that I make good money doing my job and I'm not advocating a full redistribution of wealth, but those folks are McDonald's work hard and do something useful, why shouldn't they make enough to live on?
 Although I did misread your post and I guess I agree with your general point, because learning requires a certain kind of intelligence.
  "I was at a bar and this chick was desperately trying to kiss me but she had dog breath.
 I like it :)"
  "I have this sweater with a big ass shark head on it, and honest to god that shark sweater is a pussy magnet. I mean it's not like the girl is like nice shark wanna fuck, but it's always been a conversation starter that gets me in with a random cute girl at the bar (not me being like \"ho ho ho like my shark? !\" but more like the girl pointing across the bar \"omg I like your shark!\" and I saunter over all smooth-like), and I guess it's just so ridiculous that they get their guard down, then I just be my semi-charming self and go from there and it works out. And honestly it's pretty expensive so I'll name drop the brand if I feel like it will get me points (normally does), probably makes me an asshole but doesn't matter;had sex."
  "Good work being professional everyone. "
  "It means to keep your back vertical, whilst you bend your legs to pick up the object and then straighten your legs to lift (ie you are using the muscles in your legs for the lift)"
  "Americans, please stand on the left if you're in Australia. "
 I could never get into 'Seinfeld' though."
  "\"so of course I tailgated him, like really close.\"  That's not the same as \"I tailgated him at the minimum safe distance to drive, and still be defined as tailgating\". And we haven't even gotten into your idiotic need to use the word \"like\" in the sentence. I guess now I know where all your rage comes from. As much fun as this circle jerk is, I'm going to get off the merry-go-round now.
  "\"Gay marriage will be legal in Utah"
  "even the NYPD can't handle the last 3 rules"
  "An actual turn off of mine is people who get upset at small grammar and spelling mistakes.
  "As someone on a migraine preventative because I got them so bad I'd throw up, get dizzy, pass out and miss work or school when I was a kid, I know what a true migraine is. It irks me to hear someone out shopping be like \"Oh em gee Becky, I've got a total migraine right now\".
  "10 years in prison and a $10,000 dollar fine, and that's not counting the other charges that will be tacked on. "
 or pretty much just drop by one and ask for help"
  "Sorry for your loss, I am pretty sure they would want you to carry on."
 Make some damn fine sandwiches for the rest of the week."
  "\"Ooh baby, I'm turned on by the fact that weird shit turns you on.
  "Are you trying to singlehandedly ruin blowjobs?"
  "The first time was when my boat pulled in early (Navy), the second was when she bought a truck we couldn't afford ( she admitted she did it to sleep with the salesman), the third ( glutton for punishment) was when my landlady caught her kissing \"a friend\" and called me.
 A higher minimum wage puts more money in the pockets of the general public instead of in the pockets of the top 1% of society. The lower classes are more likely to spend that money in a way that's \"useful\" to the economy."
  "I'm sure that person is probably busy and will respond to it when he/she sees it. Don't start thinking that person dislikes you :)."
  "When my mom gets in a roundabout she gets confused and just stops the car. its not that complicated, keep going in a circle until you get to the road you want to take, then go on it."
 He could really do nothing about it and she (the berater/insulter) was a high enough level that she got away with it. She was lifeless, smart and a hard worker but lived to destroy other people. He went to the market and bought a large codfish, the fresh/not frozen kind with eyes and all. He brought it home and let if sit in his garage for a few days so it could get really ripe with stink. Then he brought his blender out to the garage and turned it into a thick mush. This, after letting it sit in his warm garage a few more days he poured into a large 7-11 paper coffee cup and put the lid on. This stinking fish stew he brought to work. He walked into her morning meeting a said \"I quit.\" and dumped the stinking fish slop on her, then walked out, having cleared out his desk the day before. Her embarrassment was far too strong to do anything that wouldn't humiliate her further to her superiors, and she became the laughing stock of the building."
  "A guy got in line behind me at the grocery store and started shouting at me to hurry up as I checked out, screaming: \"let's go, let's go, time is money!\". I stopped completely and told him, \"yeah, well, silence is golden, so it sounds like you'd be better off if you shut your face.\"  And that was pretty satisfying. "
  "when I'm watching any sport I'll imagine that I'm the quarterback or the point guard or the guy at bat, and then I'll stand up, close my eyes and imagine my self hitting a game winning buzzer beater, throwing a game winning touchdown or hitting a world series grand slam, Followed by post game interviews and usually winning an award or getting stormed by the fans on the court. This will go on for like 5-10 minutes.
 It's 300 and change weekly per kid 7-5."
  "I seem to have come over a strange case of amnesia and can't remember where I live, so can I just go home with you?"
  "Yea, as if promiscuity is supposed to be practice for remaining faithful after you reach some magically elusive cut off age and meet that perfect someone."
 Putting shit up my arse just feels like something is there that shouldn't.  "
  "Learn how to write a succinct, humble-braggy cover letter and edit the living shit out of your resume. You have 3 tiny-ass paragraphs to explain why you're a hard worker, and then 1 tiny list of buzz phrases on another piece of paper to show you know the vocabulary of the field you're trying to work in."
  "If they're right for you, the 'showing affection' part will be effortless. They may bring out a side of you weren't able to express or didn't even know you had. Uncharted territory can be scary, but when you realize one day that that person always brightens your day, can make you smile or laugh no matter what, when just thinking about them makes you smile, its all worth it. "
 I'm going across the street for a beer, can I get you anything?"
  "My friend found a butterfly vibrator while cleaning my aunts house when we were nine.
 Back then we could work as many hours as we wanted as long as we didn't go into overtime. Bottom line is that we should be providing businesses incentives to hire full time workers and provide them health insurance.
  "I work in retail, and I've seen this very type of thing happen. "
 There is this enormous encrustation of laws at all levels, where sometimes we just need new and clear laws to supersede.
  "Using mirrors on a car in such a way that you create a blind spot."
  "I lumped it in, it falls under alt medicine and bullshit. They are people that can't get chiropractors licenses. So they're technically even worse... But at least a Chiropractor would of at least X-rayed my neck and actually have to be licensed before they can practice. These guys get a some weekend seminar than go out and yank on your neck to \"cure your bodies stress\""
  "Even more hand holding."
  "Have a job, Great speaker, Plan in life, Well dressed, Car, No drinking No drugs and no weird ornaments hanging from your face/ head. Be straight and to the point in your conversations These are the traits I hope for as my daughter is 10 and 2 and eventually I will meet this fate :)"
  "When I came into this thread intent on answering with a somewhat witty pun-related quip only to find the thread full of nothing but the sort."
  "Your argument is very well put, yet some how it fails to bring me to your point of view. "
 If you put honey on it, it will be sweet."
 It's weird when you read about it, but I am personally happy to have mine cut.
 Just never was an issue growing up."
  "If only I could hate you as much as you do.\rOr\rI can honestly see why your parents got a divorce, I would too if you were my child! "
  "You're face resembles a small dead animal I ran over. "
  "Getting out of your comfort zone is the point. "
 I have to second the Kitchenaid stand mixer, but I'd add that you need the bowl with the handle. It makes life much easier. You'll use them, take it somewhere and never get it back. It's the only time you'll be able to get whatever you ask for, so take advantage of it!"
  "If you want to kill your self jump off my I.Q"
  "Oh, don't get me wrong, I would *never* defend the parents of those kids. Anyone who forces the rest of us to deal with their kids because they can't or won't is a first class asshole. I also don't fault the non-parents who don't notice the quiet ones, either. I notice all of the kids who are around because I'm a parent myself (and for the record, my kids have *never* been the little hellions you've noticed). "
  "Hey man quit making all the Spencers look bad!"
  "Domestic abuse gets immediate denial as well."
  "My female Pit Bull likes watching nature shows on TV. My male Pit doesn't give a shit. "
  "\"I'll move to Paris, shoot some heroine, and fuck with the stars.
 This assclown next to me starts with the flash camera. I said to him, you know all you're going to get is maybe some lit up smoke. He wouldn't hear it. Fortunately, we were far enough away that my film didn't pick up any part of his flash, and he most likely ended up with a lot pictures of blackness."
 Is the vagina basically in the empty space that men have between their ass crack and their balls?"
 What if everyone making more than 100k took a 5% pay cut?"
  "Thank you that was a sincere response and I appreciate it greatly. I will remember that and happy new year by the way."
  "Hey god, can I get something to manual empty clogged sinus? "
 Just be a normal respectful person.... And bring enough alcohol to make me forget about your existence. "
  "I really should give up drinking too so my night will end up about the same sans the wine."
 I had no guts to see them tripping balls, most of times not even knowing who they were or where they were. "
  "My dad is Filipino but I never learned tagalog but I can sort of understand most of what people are saying.
 If I'm looking at someone and he looks elsewhere then obviously I'm going to know. So yeah, if you got eye contact or you know she's looking at your face, she will see where your eyes go. I don't tend to be offended but I may get self conscious. I will notice quick glances vs not so quick glances. There was a guy at work who would literally just stare at my chest whenever we walked past each other, it was ridiculous. Quick glances don't offend me but staring is rude and uncomfortable. I'm not a piece of meat put here for your viewing pleasure. A lot of guys that stare are downright intimidating because they are usually bigger than you and already breaking one social norm with that staring. I guess this line is pointless because those men don't care about my comfort anyway. My husband is a master of not letting me catch his sneaky glances at me or other women but I know it happens (he admitted it and sometimes I notice). Honestly, if someone takes the care to be discreet it shows a certain level of respect and is much less likely to be offensive or intrusive. If we're talking and have eye contact though, that wouldn't be a very discreet time to do it."
  "Along those lines, \"Cut my wrists and black my eyes, so I can fall asleep tonight, or die.\" - Hawthorne Heights."
  "nibble my earlobe and I turn into your personal play-doh"
 I had to maintain a big-ass aquaurium overstocked with fish as part of a project during a biological engineering design class. We researched the ever living shit out of what they needed (correct depth and type of gravel/sand to promote the growth of the bacteria needed to complete the oxygen cycle, oxygen demands of the fish, saturation concentration of O2 at the given temp, O2 production rate of various plants we put in, approximate ammonia production rate of the fish, approximate filtering rate of our filter, etc. Although honestly most of it was due to our pump hose breaking and pumping all our fucking water out over night. "
 I put chewing gum into my sister's hair once and that shit stuck to her for days. It was hard to get the gum out without pulling strands of her hair out.
  "Not too easy nor cheap to get into, though. I live very close to the rocky mountains, but for others it isn't so great."
  "Then you need to inform her therapist so that he can take the proper precautions to prevent her from hurting herself while you prepare for divorce."
  "Man with hole in pocket feel cocky all day."
  "YEAH, it makes me so FUSTRATED."
  "You are fat and no one likes you, go away. "
 I've met people getting a MD who can't open the blinds.
  "There is no good reason to send a human child into the US public school system..."
 Also, it really can save a lot more than paying the highest interest one first.
 And screw those who say different....I mean listen to their opinions and then agree with me."
  "If I didn't realize it was the sort of restaurant were you were supposed to tip or if I can't figure out how to do it without being incredibly awkward about it. "
  "What I want explained is how they got away with destroying a spaceship the size of a small moon in Earth orbit and not have it crash and destroy all life as we know it.
 You're either young and stupid or an asshole \"republican\" who buys into this crap. Your last sentence assures me of (b) because you like the idea of belittling those beneath you."
  "Any mission where I have to make sure the weakest, stupidest AI character ever conceived doesn't die. "
 What does matter is that events have known explanations that are better, more plausible stories than the ones that true believers tell themselves about seemingly paranormal events. TD;LR saw Gary Busey in two different airports on two unrelated occasions and my model of the universe is collapsing"
  "This is funny because my husband never fails to kiss me after going down on me. But I can't get a peck from him after giving him a blowjob.
  "Eric from the Little Mermaid because id get to do the Little Mermaid "
  "You know those shoe covers maintenance people wear so they don't get your house floors dirty? Something like that."
 I can compromise."
  "I beat Jak 3 before Jak 2.
  "the dog that killed my dog, also maybe the other dog those pricks own... just because."
  "One of those will be impossible "
 It's not quite the same, but I use to work 12 hr shifts as a nurse aide. It was mostly heart wrenching and back breaking work, not too many rays of light in that line of work. Being a caregiver all the time must take everything out of you. "
 Try and avoid any piercings or tattoos. If you're trying to put yourself forward, you better know who you actually are."
 Same, same, same, not that quiet anymore. "
 either speed up or slow down or get in the other lane!"
  "do you just store things in your vagina sometimes? like a wallet in a ziploc bag or something?"
  "As someone who knows next to nothing and is curious in an answer, wouldn't that just speed up inflation drastically, each time the cost of life rises, minimum wage will rise, which will lead to the cost of life rising, which will lead to the minimum wage to raising? "
  "Who gives a shit about the Dixie Chicks? Ignore their opinion and move on with your life."
  "I caught chlamydia from a bag of chips in Glasgow.
  "The online google contacts site has a find and merge duplicates feature to solve this problem.
  "I think my story is a bit suitable for this thread, but my brother is super nosy, so when he snooped in my cousin's truck he found a girl's blouse.
  "How fucking lazy we can be."
 Did you learn anything? "
 i never drove up near our air base to see the state of things. i had an interview with DPD, and had called ahead of time to make sure the interview was still on. just cop cars and black SUVs everywhere. Never did get that job. DPD went on a hiring freeze almost immediately after.
 I am well off enough I don't have to work, and can live quite a bit better than averqge apartment in a big city,  not quite enough that it's super easy for me to travel,  get expensive clothes. It is what you make it, if you manage to get in shape,  do extracurriculars, keep you GPA high, do AP courses, and kick ass on the SATs, it will be better right away. But it can even out if yiu don't by thinking outside of the box. Your be amazed at the different roads people took to get to where they are, be it engineer,  writer, political staffer, stripper,  teacher or doctor. There are smart and stupid people everywhere,  and everyone ni matter how smart makes a good number of rock dumb life choices. You feel bad for a few months, and then it fades off, and you can just remember how much you gave a damn. Your parents get old, you fall out of touch with old friends,  you meet up,  find all you have in common is the old stories,  and that isn't enough by itself. Work instead of school,  more choices,  personally I like it better. "
  "Student from Baylor who transferred to UH to play basketball gets dunked on during Dr. Bott's chemistry class for interrupting.
  "I only mentioned the living with the parents part because outside of having a roommate that would seem like the most likely option. It's great that you and you're husband can make it and learned to budget. But for a single person with no savings who can't find a roommate it doesn't matter how much you budget since rent+bills+food+transportation expenses alone will more than likely be more than a full time minimum wage worker makes. Forget about having a cell phone or cable or internet (which admittedly are luxuries). I'm not saying that minimum wage should necessarily rise since it would just lead to a general price increase so the companies could counterbalance the extra wages and stay competitive. But it is a shame that in the last 30-40 years we have gone from where a person could get a job right out of high school and realistically support a spouse and eventually a family with it to where a person can't even live an independent life without any luxury spending without having a second person to split bills and rent with."
  "That gets you way too drunk, way too quickly. "
 The smell is pervasive and impossible to get rid of. It's in your hair and your clothes and everything you're around, like your backpack and your books and whatever the hell else. The smell is the worst.
  "I was at a mate's, now I'm standing in the pissing rain waiting for a night bus back to north London.
  "What you are saying is really only relevant in positions that require acquired skills that are not easily replaced. As it goes, working a register at the GameStop and restocking the shelves is a low knowledge position that doesn't require a great deal of experience so why would you hire the more expensive 40 y/o over the 16 y/o? Hopefully that newly hired 16 y/o will realize he will eventually be aged out and will spend his time learning valuable job skills. "
  "[Spoilers, sweety] In the Xmas episode the doctor seems physically unable to regenerate, given by how he just gives himself up at the end until the crack to Gallifrey opens and they give him an extra regeneration (or more maybe)."
  "I can go for 7 months after I get my fix. "
  "raise children  im sure if i do get any replies itll be flames. and feeding your kid only junk food/fast food, and buying them the latest iphone at the age of 5 im sure is NOT right!"
  "I don't mean to be rude, but I think we should dump this joke."
  "It means that you just use your arms as a cradle to hold the item and you use your legs (like a squat) to lift the item as to stop any unecasssry damage to ur back"
  "maybe it's hormones or it could be the auld lang syne blues, but your post made me sad.
 Honestly, didn't see the megathread until after submission.
 It was a glitch moment of god like proportion. "
  "I've got no idea what you\"43 talking about I always find it pretty easy if I'm being completely honest. I typed that in like 7 seconds and only made one mistake. Granted, it was fairly hefty, but it still doesn't meant hat you can't touch type.
  "I like bananas."
  "If you think THAT feels good, you should try Icy hot!
  "I feel like if I were just transferred over to a Disney character, it'd be somewhere between the Hunchback of Notre Dame and Dr. Delbert Doppler from Treasure Planet.
  "Never again will I click on an album"
 It was a moment of unexpectedness even though we were expecting it."
 If you're talking about the \"They said what?\" page, that's a fairly new addition to SDC, so I'm not sure how you saw it if you haven't been to the site in years. Another one was how to handle an access dispute. However being a brat about the dispute won't solve anything, neither will trampling over others rights. Filming someone without their permission is an invasion or privacy either way you look at it and in many places it is illegal. SDC's page on handling access disputes (on the front area of SDC, not the forum) doesn't mention filming people at all. Keep in mind that, particularly in the forum area, there are MANY people contributing to SDC's content, and most of the forum members are unmoderated. That doesn't make the law pages on the front end a poor resource, especially considering that it can be hard for people to wade through legal text to find the information they need."
  "After learning German you would hate to watch \"Hitler rants\" videos. "
  "At least something that would give us the reason to go in and finish the 50+ year war."
 It's really hard to find a woman that doesn't have some goofy looking thing all over half her body. I always get crap for calling it a fad for women to get tattoos, but the fact is that 5 years ago you would never see every single female in a group with a freaking sleeve and a writing on their neck or some shit. Tattoos have always been popular with subculture but it's going to get old quick and the latest generation of women are going to look silly.
  "Why does the guy in the middle wearing green only have 1 leg?"
 She gets Aladdin, who is super hot, a huge, fancy palace and a pet tiger and she is absolutely beautiful.
 Since then there's been no chafing, no itching, and I can finally wipe my ass until it's actually clean. The only downsides have been somewhat more noticeable ass sweat and it takes a little while to figure out how to fart silently again. But imo, the benefit of a squeaky clean ass *far* outweighs the negatives. I don't even have to shave more than once a week. "
  "Budget realistically and always have some extra cash for emergencies.
 We better also assume every man who went to an Ivy League school is a frat boy rapist and will commit embezzlement and fraud if you hire them."
  "i'll try it next time i go to the store, sounds good."
 Ladies, if I check after a text or check who the caller is, don't take offence. I will however excuse myself and apologize for the interruption."
 Two of them are food whores and will eat only his $7/Lb food. He sleeps in bed with me all night but gets out of bed every morning within a few minutes of 7:00 to quietly meow and rub my face to wake me up to feed him.
  "I give Master Bates a call down in Palmetto. "
  "From what I've read today, two penises."
  "I have a 4 door, only really room if I put down the back seats."
 I hate the annual squish and the scar tissue feels weird now. My gut is also weird now.  "
 Not trying to be mean, but it is honestly not as bad as people chalk it up to be. But there are other ways to consume marijuana, like vaporizing, for example. Vaporizers are a lung-healthy way to get high. Go check out some link on the pros of marijuana use. "
 So can the melodrama."
  "I've been learning French on and off all my life and I'd love to get to a point where I was fluent. French is a beautiful language and if you can speak French and English chances are you'll be understood in a large part of the world."
 You have a lot less time to talk even than it seems to the audience at home, and the camera men are incredibly anal about making sure you're giving the camera your best creeper stare."
  "I've seen it, looks like grass basically.
  "Target has their in-house brand Archer Farms cereals that are amazing. I like their oats and chocolate. Expensive but I can eat a box a day"
 Not to meet anyone cool in comics like Stan Lee, but to meet Curt Schilling in his attempt to make a video game..."
 Then realise you might not have that daughter even if you did everything the exact same way the second time round.
