"[deleted]"
"The only time I've ever been robbed was by cops in the Balkans.   So, dodge the police as much as possible there.    The only thing I can recommend is pretending to not understand them to the point where they get too frustrated and go away (this actually worked when a different set of cops in the Balkans tried to rob me a second time).   Otherwise, this is a tough one to get yourself out of, as they can throw you in jail if you don't hand over what they want.\n\nAlso, I've always had luck by simply looking down and out.   Nobody ever really thinks I have anything valuable.  "
"So far I'm figuring following the 101 is the best plan"
"i always carry a self defense item where it's legal (cheap tazer and cheap knife) because for most petty thieves, seeing you pull out a painful weapon is enough for them to get the message. and for the rest, a few thousand volts of electricity pushes the message in well."
"Are you from the country by any chance? Both of those stories sound like you world have gotten robbed in any city in the world. If you had told me you did that in boston(where I live) i would have expected you to get mugged and its pretty safe here. \n\nYou just need to realize you're in an urban area and act accordingly. Don't flash around valuables and have a good idea of where you're going and you'll be fine. "
"I spent a couple days on Don Det en route back to Cambodia in 2011. It was easily one of the most peaceful and wonderful places I've been. Highly recommended."
"Carry as few valuable things as possible. Don't flash a lot of money. Avoid unsafe areas and being alone late at night.\n\nAnd if you get mugged. Give them what they want. Nothing you have on you is worth your life.\n\nAlso remember, most of the theft danger is going to be from people stealing your stuff you've left laying around and not paying attention to.\n\nIf you don't want it to be stolen, keep it in a locked place, or in your line of sight at all times."
"That's not safe at all.\n\nThis is how you get murdered in a foreign country."
"I never associated hobos with work.  Per Merriam-Webster http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/hobo :\n\n&gt;a person who has no place to live and no money and who travels to many different places"
"Try that shit in some places in Brazil or Venezuela is liable to get you shot up. "
"I try to dress down the best I can, walking around in flip flips with a dated tshirt and shorts. The epitome of looking down and out though is the 'forever vagrant' look, dread locks and a hint of B.O. and wearing those... soft fabric pants whereever you go makes you a very unappealing target."
"All merino all the time. It is a glorious material that stays warm when wet, isnt too hot in the heat, tough and smooth as hell"
"oh. well i don't go into many foreign countries, i prefer to stay in amurica."
"Keep a dummy wallet with a couple of bucks in it, something that looks like ID. \n"
"Check out the Wikipedia article.  It explains things in a little more depth - the work aspect is essentially what distinguishes a hobo (at least in their view)  from a bum or a tramp"
"That's pretty ignorant.\n\nAnd it's also how you get murdered in America too.\n\n(Yes, America is actually a pretty dangerous fucking place)"
"I've heard there are some parts of HW 1 where the shoulder gets too narrow to walk, so u might have to hitchhike sometimes if you go that way.  Are you tent camping?"
"Not all cotton is bad.\n\nCotton bandannas are great."
"Indeed: a hobo travels and looks for work, a tramp travels and doesn't look for work, and a bum doesn't do either one."
"You may find [this](http://travelfashiongirl.com/how-to-choose-the-best-fabrics-for-travel/) helpful. \n\n100% Cotton isn't \"bad\" but it does not dry as quickly as synthetics. \n\nI personally prefer the look/texture of merino wool to \"athletic\" synthetic fabrics, and it is great as a baselayer for cold weather. But for a really hot climate something like poly/nylon is better. Merino can be pricey, but if you take care of it it will last forever."
"Here's some practical advises that I learned when I was living in South Africa:\n\n\nAlways look that you are aware; even muggers are usually thinking who they are going to rob, and they want to choose easy victims\n\nDon't show valuable items like phones, wallet etc. in public\n\nAlways keep a small amount of money with you even you don't have anything else with you; some robbers might be agressive if you don't have anything to give and then you might be in danger\n\nAvoid being drunk and alone outside at night\n\nSafe travels to everyone!"
"I'll second that."
"Welcome to Detroit, motherfuckers."
"Your best defense is honestly staying alert and sober."
"“So many people live within unhappy circumstances and yet will not take the initiative to change their situation because they are conditioned to a life of security, conformity, and conservatism, all of which may appear to give one peace of mind, but in reality nothing is more damaging to the adventurous spirit within a man than a secure future. The very basic core of a man’s living spirit is his passion for adventure. The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences, and hence there is no greater joy than to have an endlessly changing horizon, for each day to have a new and different sun. If you want to get more out of life, you must lose your inclination for monotonous security and adopt a helter-skelter style of life that will at first appear to you to be crazy. But once you become accustomed to such a life you will see its full meaning and its incredible beauty… “You are wrong if you think Joy emanates only or principally from human relationships. God has placed it all around us. It is in everything and anything we might experience. We just have to have the courage to turn against our habitual lifestyle and engage in unconventional living.” --Chris McCandless, writing in a letter to his 90-year old friend Ron Franz, months before starving to death in the Alaskan wilderness (Krakauer, Into the Wild p. 57)\n\n\"By all means they try to hold me secure who love me in this world. But it is otherwise with thy love which is greater than theirs, and thou keepest me free.  Lest I forget them they never venture to leave me alone. But day passes by after day and thou art not seen.  If I call not thee in my prayers, if I keep not thee in my heart, thy love for me still waits for my love.  When it was day they came into my house and said, `We shall only take the smallest room here.'  They said, `We shall help you in the worship of your God and humbly accept only our own share in his grace'; and then they took their seat in a corner and they sat quiet and meek.  But in the darkness of night I find they break into my sacred shrine, strong and turbulent, and snatch with unholy greed the offerings from God's altar.  Let only that little be left of me whereby I may name thee my all.  Let only that little be left of my will whereby I may feel thee on every side, and come to thee in everything, and offer to thee my love every moment.  Let only that little be left of me whereby I may never hide thee.  Let only that little of my fetters be left whereby I am bound with thy will, and thy purpose is carried out in my life---and that is the fetter of thy love.\" --Rabindranath Tagore, Gitanjali"
"Ok, where I go its worked fine so far. I'll be less loud though, id like to die not knowing what bullets feel like."
"[My mugger contengency](http://i.imgur.com/ljHxRRe.jpg). :-P\n\nI know, not an option in most places. Just keep on your toes and trust your instincts. Also, try to stay in a group if you can."
"Nicaraguan here: if you're not buying/doing drugs you'll be just fine. Someone might break into the room you are staying in, but that's about it. "
"And how many times have you had to use your \"self defense item\"?\n\nI've also never carried a self defense item and never been robbed in all of my travels."
"Cotton really has very few upsides as backpacking tool. It's tough and can withstand a lot of wash cycles which is why it was popular in the form of canvas before nylons became more widespread. Also why most regular clothing is made from cotton.\n\nWool is great. It'll keep you warm. Even when it's wet. It won't stink up too much when you're sweating and it dries fairly easily. It's not very tough and it can't really be washed without starting to \"frizz\" pretty quickly. All Wool is not created equal however, cheaper stuff can be itchy and wool is an allergen for some people. On the other hand, the good stuff is pretty expensive. That being said, I love wool socks. Nothing beats wool socks.\n\nSynthetic is tough, warm, even when wet. Breathes, wicks moisture and dries really fast. It's tougher than hell and can be washed rather easily. The only downsides are it gets smelly and it'll break down in prolonged sunlight."
"I figured I'd keep my distance from the highway if needed and maybe follow the coast a little bit in some areas, but thanks for the advice! Nah, but basically; I've got a bag and tarp"
"Hi NSA!"
"&gt; stays warm when wet.  \n  \nmerino wool actually generates heat though a chemical effect known as 'sorption' when in contact with moisture.\n  \nhere's a couple little introductions on the process:  \nhttp://sst.umt.edu.pk/newsite/courses/Spring2008/TX-101/Presentations/Heat%20of%20Sorption.pdf  \nhttp://www.i-merino.com/easycare/Warmth\n  \nmost quality merino will also have a silver content (micro filaments of the precious metal woven into the fabric itself) which acts as an antimicrobial agent. which translates into a very effective passive odor eater... no-stink retention unlike most wicking synthetics.  \n  \noptimal wool performance is achieved when combined with synthetic fibers as well. look for wool polyester hybrid options (70% wool &lt;&gt; 30% polyester). you'll notice major improvements in wicking, durability and temperature management compared to 100% wool alternatives.  \n  \npersonally i am a big fan of Woolpower brand clothing, but icebreaker and smartwool are very comparable.  \n  \nDarntough socks are a recent addition to my quiver... i tend to chew though a pair of socks ever couple months and at $30-$50 a pair that adds up fast. Darntough has ~3-4x the thread count of other brands and they also come with a lifetime warranty that includes free replacements should you manage to wear them out.  \n  \nmy entire wardrobe comes from Arc'teryx... but i've been left very unimpressed with their wool clothing items, and suggest avoiding them. their phasic fabrics however are my absolute favorite synthetic base... anything in the Phase SL and Phase AR line will never dissapoint. personally i like synthetics (unless i plan on being off-grid for extended periods, then merino is the way to go just due to the no-stink factor) and i wear phasic shirts every single day.  \n  \nas for pants, anything from the Gamma series from arc'teryx. i've tried just about every type of softshell pant out there... and the Gamma gives them all the royal smack down:  \n- for anything above freezing i wear my Gamma LTs, even down to 0deg-c these are very adequate with a ~240threadcount wool base underneath. the material is incredibly light and durable - i've even trudged though thorn bushes without a second though on many occasions. the fabric weave is tight enough that hardly anything can catch.  \n- for more rugged applications the Gamma AR is my ultimate go-to pant... there's nothing these pants cannot do and i highly recommend them for any application. they seem very warm to hold them, but i wore a pair for an entire summer in squamish bc weather recently with only the occasional swampy crotch. ;)  \n- this year i've also added the Gamma MX to the mix for something a bit more suited to winter alpinism.  \n  \nas a little case-study example:  \nin 2011 i owned and carried only 2 pairs of pants, and they went with me through jungles, the arctic, cities, mountains, and over 5000km of trails in just about every terrain imaginable. those 2 pants were the Gamma LT and AR (coupled with a pair of icebreaker 260 weight leggings)... i still own and wear all 3 of these items and the Gamma ARs have hardly a knicked stitch to show for it.  \n  \ni am a gear obsessive who spares no expense on my equipment, and i can confidently say that the Gamma AR is the best pant i've ever come across."
"Why must it be a women?"
"This. It's also a really good idea to have a color copy of your passport and all other important documents in your email or through a cloud service.\n\nI kept a small amount of cash on me or in my wallet. The rest, if I had a fair amount from a recent run to an ATM, was in my money belt. "
"/r/bjj my friend....come to the light of practical, street smart self defense that can and has saved lives! As a fellow die hard backpacker (i backpack basically to train at different BJJ gyms across the world) I have come to realize people need to train in some form of self defense not to actually use it  but if you have skills that you can depened without even realizing it...you will give off a \"Dont fuck with me ora\" i have been eyed up by some seriously sketchy people all of who approach me...sense my confidence and then they back off. try it ! :D"
"Fake wallet with fake cards and some cash, hide the real stuff on your person somewhere?"
"Honestly, for baselayer I'd stay away unless you're in a desert.  Baselayer is something you really want to be not wet - and that's the main problem.  See as this is a waffle shirt, I imagine this is for slightly cooler months and that's particularly when you don't want wet baselayers - if you start sweating and then stop and get cold, that's when you're really not happy.\n\nFor other things (insulation layers, etc.) I don't see as much of a problem with cotton blends, but for baselayers, I'd really stay away."
"Once, with my friends. Some douche was hurting a female friend, I had to take out my tazer. He ran away."
"I really like the idea of the throwaway wallet. I've never thought of that before! Thank you. Now lets hope I never have to use it. "
"Shorter hole for him to dig."
"Please don't carry that much cash on you, ATMs are **everywhere**.\n\nAs for specific places - make sure you spend a lot of time in the North, it's beautiful! It's also a lot cheaper than the south (islands) &amp; the local people are a lot happier up here because they don't have to deal with drunk tourists 24/7/365 :)."
"Your backpacks are more than good enough. Please don't bring luggage cubes they are very troublesome to transport especially when you get to the islands. I saw a few people lug around those cubes on boats and they not only look ridiculous they are difficult for transport. If you really want to get more luggage you can buy cheap luggage all over thailand especially in touristy places in Bangkok. I'd recommend buying sun screen because they stuff they have in thailand is expensive and shitty. Most of this sunscreen leaves your skin looking white and it is very runny. If you are larger size I recommend a good hat and pair of shoes otherwise you want be able to find much in thailand. If you are average size you will be able to find everything in your size for very cheap. I lived on Koh Phangan for 2 months and 6 weeks in Chiang Mai. Chiang Mai is my favorite part of Thailand. On Koh Phangan I did my yoga instructor course and I went to every party on the island. \n\nIf you are looking to save a bit of money I'd recommend creating a couch surfing profile and you should easily be able to find places to host you as a couple. If not it is a great way to meet people. \n\nI brought my goPro and I recommend taking it scuba diving on koh tao or phi phi, I got some amazing footage. \n"
"The luggage cubes were mainly to organise my clothes/shit in my bag, not to carry around.\nYeah, cash i think is an issue, just been reading up on cash cards and the fact that i can have two to better split my money up. \nmy mrs has friends in Koh Tao that work for a diving school so that is one of the first places we are heading with the gopro when we get to the smaller islands. \n\nCheers for the heads up on sunscreen... stupid as it is i totally forgot about it. "
"thailand accepts all major bank cards from around the world. I don't recommend shitting in your bag jk. I just brought my bank cards and credit cards that will suffice but your idea sounds like a good idea too. I found thai people like to look white, they view people people as beautiful and it's kinda funny when you see this hot thai chick covered in white power crap/cream to look beautiful. Have fun!"
"That's my first thought."
"Mines an XDs 9mm. "
"Agreed.  Pai, Chiang Mai, Chiang Rai, etc are all great, and my wife and I vastly preferred the north to anywhere else in Thailand.\n\nIf you head to the islands, I recommend Kho Tao, as it's less touristy than most...especially if you head to the western side of the island.  Great scuba diving and much more chill than the rest of the major islands."
"[deleted]"
"[one bag](http://www.onebag.com/) is a decent starting point.\n\nAnd [this](http://www.mec.ca/AST/ContentPrimary/Learn/HikingAndCamping/TripChecklists/WestCoastTrail.jsp) list is a little more tailored to backpacking"
"[deleted]"
"All the trails there are well-traveled, and well-maintained, which is a plus and a minus.  The main artery from bear Valley visitor center, to Arch Rock  is the widest and most traveled, with the little trails east and south of Glenn and Wildcat camps being the most isolated, which still isn't saying much. It's a crazy beautiful place, but this ain't the backcountry. If suggest Glenn camp (try to get site five!), Sky camp, and Wildcat camps. That'll give you a real coast to peak feel for the park. Check out Alamere falls south of Wildcat!"
"It's hard to go wrong at Point Reyes. No matter what trail you go on. "
"Keep an eye on /r/thailand, because Bangkok is iffy: http://www.richardbarrow.com/2014/01/everything-you-need-to-know-about-the-bangkok-shutdown/\n\nMy wife and I always go to MBK first thing and get some cheap phones (or your cheap unlocked 4-band phone you brought with you), with Thailand SIM cards.  \n\nAlso, instead of winging it on the islands you might want to investigate reviews on sites like tripadvisor... some island resorts/hotels are pretty bad, and some are great. We like to leave our bigger bag at a hotel in Bangkok (usually free except for tip), and take a very small bag with us to the islands.\n\n"
"http://www.nps.gov/pore/planyourvisit/hiking_guide.htm\n\nAlso, stop at the big barn ranger station, and get free advice.  "
"Wildcat is gorgeous, secluded, essentially private, 2 mile beach. With waterfall!\n\nWildcat requires reservations unfortunately, and they tend to fill up in advance, so plan accordingly.\n\n(Of course, you can always camp off trail somewhere...)"
"Actually, the park rangers do not allow camping anywhere but in the campgrounds. I've called to see if wilderness camping was allowed and was advised against it. "
"Some banks do charge high fees for taking out money from the ATM's, I know for me as an Australian it was 150 baht so around $5"
"Im from the US if that is what you are asking (NC specifically). And you are right, it is pretty much advice thats applicable anywhere. These are just my stories which happened to occur while I was abroad. \n"
"6 dollar. \n"
"I would recommend getting dry bags for compartmentalisation instead. Easy to find specific stuff based on colour/size and will keep your stuff dry even if the bag gets soaked through. Trespass gear is alright but not known for its waterproofness.\n\nAlpkit make a well priced range of dry bags different sizes. Have a look here http://www.alpkit.com/explore/dry-bags"
"I just meant you're from the suburbs or a rural area. It was really common to see when I went to college, a lot of students got into situations like yours because it was their first time living in a city. "
"Ahh, I gothca, that makes more sense now.  \n\nTo answer that question I grew up in the suburbs. It was definitely not an urban area and also completely void of public transportation.  \n\nStreet Cred: -1 "
"The west trail is my personal favorite (y)"
"Not for everyone, I know, but I tend to stick to remote locations that don't have many people and aren't easy to get to. I figure the more work it is, the less likely a thief is to be there. Then it just comes down to the common sense stuff: be aware of surroundings, don't flash valuables around (easy for me; my gear has all seen some serious use) etc. "
"[deleted]"
"The Müllerthal [around Berdorf](http://hikebikemap.de/?zoom=15&amp;lat=49.82394&amp;lon=6.34148&amp;layers=B0000TFFFF) is gorgeous, or the [Circuit Vauban](http://www.visitluxembourg.com/en/place/misc/circular-walk-vauban-luxembourg) in the city if you’d like to see the fortress. When are you coming over?"
"We were already hiked halfway in so I decided to just carry him the rest of the way and find somewhere to take him after. We had no idea how to care for him so we just wrapped him up and gave him some food and water, we passed one guy on the trail and asked if he could help but he said he didn't know what to do either. He made it the entire way but died right at the end. It was actually pretty sad with how close we were to being done. We had a little funeral off the trail and left some flowers. I hope at least he was comfortable and warm when he died rather than being killed by the crows that were attacking him. "
"Is that what it was? I was looking it up after and couldn't seem to find a good match."
"Haha, no there were these big black birds beating him up, they looked like crows...but do those live on the beach? Shit, I know nothing about the avian species..."
"Know a bowline, half hitch, which easily turns into a double half hitch, a sheet bend, and a square knot. You can do basically everything you need to do with those 4. Sheet bend is used for tying two ropes of different sizes together, and the square knot is used to tie two ropes of the same size together. "
"The pictured rocks lakeshore might be a good place to check out "
"These are great. I'd add a figure 8 knot, which is super simple and is also useful tied on a bight. Personally I also like using a clove hitch."
"If his wings were broke he would have just been put down at a wildlife rehab. Good effort though and that sounds like a nice tribute."
"Besides what's mentioned, the monkey's fist is also great to know to put weight on the end of the rope to cast it i. e. over a branch for your bear bag or across a Creek. "
"To me it looks like a tern from what I remember from an ornithology course, but im not too familiar with seabirds because I live in the middle of Texas. and im more of a mammal kinda guy."
"Butterfly knot is good too. "
"That's sad... Well at least he died with a full stomach."
"the square/reef knot isn't recommended for joining lines under load because it is unstable. Wiki says that it originated as a simple knot to reef the sails. It was useful for this purpose because it could be collapsed easily, which is exactly why it isn't good as a bend.\n\nI would also suggest the taut line hitch (for tightening guy lines)"
"Bowline for sure! Also a double/triple fisherman's knot is handy."
"One great knot is for tying out guylines.  [This website calls it a tautline hitch](http://www.netknots.com/rope_knots/tautline-hitch/)"
"I'm sure you've read about some of the annoying scams the locals pull to try and milk tourists out of extra money but one of the most annoying ones, is how expensive the cab from the airport into town is. You're much better off taking the train from the airport, it's a fraction of the cost plus it goes right to MBK and alternatively right through that whole Silom area (where I highly commend We Hostel, I stayed there twice over my month long trip, both when I arrived in Bangkok and again just before we left, the place was clean, nice and very affordable). \n\nAlso, I agree with what other users have said, you really shouldn't carry that much cash on you, it's unnecessary and in the unfortunate event that you do get mugged or lose your cash somehow, it's better to have smaller amounts. To be honest, a phrasebook is handy but almost unnecessary depending where you plan on going, pretty much everywhere we went the locals spoke broken english or understood some basic english phrases. I know it sounds stupid to not make an attempt at speaking Thai but I'm just saying, we never needed our phrase book for anything beyond the usual \"hello\" and \"thank you\". I also suggest you tip well, a lot of other tourists we met weren't making the effort, and trust me, just like any other poor country a little goes a long way, especially down in the islands. \n\nAvoid taking a tuk tuk at all costs, most of them are scam artists and they're very persistent. Bring some good sun block, because you'll feel the wrath of the sun even if it's cloudy. If I think of anything else, I'll come back and add to this."
"Aw, really? There's nothing they can do for birds? That breaks my heart. But I suppose that's better than having to suffer through not being able to fly again.\n\n"
"Interestingly, these are the knots cub scouts learn as well. I would add a figure 8, and a tautline hitch is really helpful for guylines."
"I'd go with the non-waterproof style.  The shoes are so low that when crossing a stream they could easily have water come in over the top and they seem like they'd dry out pretty quickly.  Besides, the waterproof lining limits the breathability of the shoe which makes your feet sweat more.  "
"John Muir Trail or something in the Sierras.  August is a great time where the worst case scenario is a thunderstorm but they develop over time and are easy to read.  Just get off a peak or ridge and chill in a tent for an hour and then your good to go.  \n\nBesides, being from the Midwest, the sheer size of the mountains should be impressive.  "
"Columbia has an app called What Knot To Do. I found it helpful. "
"Ya you did good. And it really depends on the species and how bad the injury is but usually with a broken wing there is a very small chance it will survive.  "
"As a photographer who's travelled with gear quite a bit, here's some basic tips I'd give you:\n\nIf you don't have many cards, pick up extra ones before you leave, off Amazon or some other good source because for some reason, everywhere I went in Thailand, cards were always kind of expensive.. and I wouldn't trust most of the vendors who could potentially be selling imitation brand name cards anyways.\n\nMost hostels and hotels will have public computers with internet but I recommend picking up a compact usb external hard drive, they don't take up a lot of space, they're light and it's a great way to back up your photos without worrying about the time and cost of uploading tons of gb's of photos to a webservice like Dropbox, Copy or Google Drive. \n\nPick up a roll of black gaffer/camera tape from a local camera shop and tape up your DSLR body all over, cover the logo, the model, wrap some around the grip, and even throw some around your lens barrels. If you do this a month or so before your trip, the tape will wear a bit and your camera will look like a piece of shit. No thief is going to want to steal something that looks like a broken old camera and they won't look twice at you. The extra advantage to the tape is that it can help keep sand and dust out of all the cracks and crevasses of your camera body. \n\nIf you're really paranoid about theft, which most photographers are, there's a couple companies that make cut resistant camera straps with a steel cable stitched into the fabric. It's a really, really good idea. I've heard of people who have had thieves come up from behind them, cut their strap and snatch the camera right off their neck. At the very least, if you don't pick up one of these straps, at least do everything you can to minimize the attention, get one that's black (not a flashy color like red or yellow) and make sure there's no logos on it. \n\nLastly, never let your camera leave your sight. Don't use an obvious camera bag, you're better off with a plain backpack or again, something that doesn't have logos. If you put you bag down somewhere, wrap your leg through the bag's strap so you always know where it is. \n\nLastly, Flickr lets you upload high res photos and they just redesigned their embedding code, so you can link your flickr photos into any blog post/format and it looks pretty sharp. Blogger is easy to use, so is Wordpress but everyone has their own preferences. \n"
"Truckers hitch for ridgelines. "
