"So, let me get this straight:\n\n1. Bachelor's Degree plus surveying related courses\n2. Take the FS exam\n3. Work experience\n4. PS exam\n\nIs it possible to gain \"work experience\" through internships/side jobs during the 4 year degree? (In my case, looking at something forestry related)"
"Depends how long you do it. More than 10 min must be horrible for your back. \n\nAnd the \"choping wood with an axe\" movement is actually not that bad, since MMA fighters do that movement in training.\n\nAlso losing a finger is much easier than letting go of an axe."
"Can you take it on such short notice? When I took it two years ago you needed several months notice to sign up."
"[deleted]"
"."
"That's what I was beginning to think. Thank you for the confirmation."
"I... HATE...YOU for showing me this, thank god its winter break, hopefully I can get through all of these before school starts..."
"Photonicinduction is good for \"blow it up with electricity\" stuff.\n\nRobert Murry-Smith is another hidden gem."
"Cool"
"Thank you, happy new year"
"Can you do anything?  Of course, theres always more you can do.  You need to be a bit more specific on what you're willing to do with what time frame, money, commitment level.  Are you a freshman, sophmore, junior senior, graduated?  You can get any job imaginable.  Will you get a job is a question for the manager.  No one can give you the odds for a certain spot.  It depends who else applies to it.   "
"Thanks for the control channel link. All the other channels you mentioned I also highly recommend. Also put in a plug for any channel by Brady Harrah like 60 Symbols, Numberphile, Periodic Table of Videos, Deep Sky Videos, and a few more I'm forgetting. Smarter Every Day with Destin Sandlin, a second-gen NASA engineer is also top notch. Happy New Year all."
"The car club thing is good, all of the hands on stuff is good. In my group we always look for mixed-signal circuits experience, which means analog and digital in the same design. We also look for someone to have gotten well beyond cookie-cutter stuff like arduino, certainly having designed, fabricated, debugged and possibly redesigned your own PCB would be good. \n\nOther groups in my company don't stress the low-level design stuff as much, like manufacturing automation folks. But all of the groups are looking for you to have *done it*, whatever it may be. \n\nSomething that always piques our interest (again my group) is folks who have participated in engineering competitions during school. I was on the Solar Car team, we've hired lots of folks on the Formula SAE teams, formula hybrid, formula electric, you name it. Doesn't have to be a car team either, robotics, design competition: we basically want to see that you've gone off, and without the aid of a professor, set your eye on a goal and achieved it, or at least tried really hard and succeeded in learning from the process. \n\nPlus, I'm going to ask you some hard ass interview questions that you would only know the answers to if you've actually tried and failed and tried again at circuit design and construction! So just know that true competence is only cemented when classroom learning meets the inconvenient truths of the laws of physics, and it usually shows during an interview. So get out there and build stuff!\n\nIf you're interested in a job in the San Francisco bay area, get your resume together when you're ready and PM me. We'll see whatcha got. "
"What are you trying to make? Anything that requires machining is not going to be cost effective. Unless you have access to such machinery. If it's welding than it's a slightly different story.   "
"You should probably leave your car alone. Audi engineers are very good at building cars and I doubt there's any part that you could make better than them."
"I stumbled upon Brian Douglas and I enjoy his vids. Control class was a while ago and I want to get back into it so its a great review. "
"I'm not sure how you would fail the FE. I took the general test as a nuclear engineer. The afternoon section was filled with material that I had literally never seen in my life. In spite of this, I gave it my best shot and I still passed."
"Here goes some career advice that might not be too popular. \n\nLie on your resume. There are no consequences to this legally, and if you get the job great. If they call you out on bullshit that is fine too. "
"Thank you! "
"Sometimes it's difficult to find information on the company. My first interview was for a manufacturer of lighting systems and a few other parts for several top automotive companies. There was really nothing of value I could find while doing research to show interest in the company.\n\nMy second and last interview was for a top aerospace and defense company. Plenty of information and cool rumors to be found. It was much easier to know the products and show interest even though I didn't really care what industry I got into as long as I got paid.\n\nJust do your best to find some details you can express interest in."
"Move to Houston.  Problem solved."
"I understand your frustration with getting a \"useless\" degree but it's never too late to fix it! Consider getting a MS in a related but different major! Like ME, MSE, or EE! It takes 2 years and stuff but at the end you are a ME graduate and every company wants ME graduates!!! "
"That's probably what I'll end up doing. Two more years :/"
"A few hours into watching his videos... I can see where the rest of my night is going.  Thanks!"
"Where do you live? I live in Canada and currently enrolled in BME and people won't stop telling me how \"extremely employable\" I will be when I graduate."
"I found that if you are able to look through a company and find a higher up's email (VP or something) you can send them an email directly with your resume attached. Most likely what will happen is they will or their secretary will kick it down to HR but instead of the email coming directly from Joe Shmo it will be coming from the VP so HR will sometimes think that the VP wants them to look at you. \n\nI got the advice from someone that had been recruiting for a good amount of time and used it to get one or two interviews for the second internship. (The emails are kinda difficult to find and may require guess work)\n\nAlso you could use LinkedIn and search for people that graduated from your University and contact them, a lot of people are willing to help graduates from the same college and may have gone through the same thing you have."
"Have you applied to jobs outside your locality? Oftentimes, relocation is the easiest way to find a job. I know that Boston seems to have a booming biotech scene, as do parts of California. If you are very desperate for a job, I think it would be a good idea to learn a bit of programming and apply for a job outside your field as well. \n\nAn engineering degree of any kind looks nice on a résumé and if you learned a stack or framework that's hot right now you can get a decent job in a startup somewhere. A good place to start if you're interested is Ruby On Rails. \n\nAnother option is for you to return to school to get a higher degree. Since you're running out of money it's unlikely you can pay out the money required for a masters without going into debt. 4-5 years of your life gone for a funded PhD when you're not dead set on it is not a good option either. A trick here is to apply for a PhD program that will allow you to get a terminal masters as well. I have known a few people who have done this, and it's a debt free way to get a masters for a little more work. Of course, you can't mention this on your letter of intent.\n\nAlso, maybe clean up your résumé or pick up some small electronics project to spice it up a little? What focus did your BME degree have? Signals, thermo, fluids, etc."
"After a while, you're experience outweighs your degree.  I know civils working as electricals. "
"I suppose it really depends on your skill set and experience. A lot of my peers were trying to get into med school."
"Thank you for the advice. California and Boston do seem to have booming biotech industries, but I will also have a lot of competition coming out of schools in those areas. I have been applying for jobs all over the country; my first interview was 1000 miles away from me. I think I might have to relocate to one of these areas prior to applying for jobs. \nI learned some programming in school, mostly Matlab. I've been working with Ruby through codeacademy lately. I believe that programming will be an integral part of all engineering industries in the future. "
"I will try that, thank you. I believe that I could do entry level work, I just have to get over that first hump. I wish it was easier to meet hiring managers in person. I'm a friendly and outgoing guy but I think these qualities are demonstrated better in person. I went to multiple engineering career fairs at my school, but they were mostly unhelpful. The companies that attended these fairs would typically have HR recruiters who would tell me to apply online."
"These are some great replies! Sorry if I seem a little pessimistic, I'm trying to be positive!"
"Thanks for this!"
"I was thinking of modeling engine parts exactly as they are in the stock car and machine them with lighter materials"
"When it comes to the dress part, I am already covered! I bought a really nice suit during Christmas just for the occasion! \nAnd thanks for other tips, I will surely use them! "
"The problem is I got the invitation call right before Christmas, when our campus career service was already closed and I have the interview one day after the Christmas break finishes (here in Germany we are free till 6th of January). I will try to arrange something anyway though, so thanks for the tip! \n "
"Than get a friend to mock interview you.  I'm sure there's resources on the internet to help.  You dont need to be an expert to do a mock interview, its pretty obvious when you say something really stupid."
"What is Valve?"
"I've said it before and I'll say it again. Fuck the biomedical engineering major. What city/school do you work in?"
"Uh asking questions about the resume is basically the one thing that ALL interviewers do. It's a pretty good bullshit filter. \nhttp://www.businessinsider.com/elon-musk-job-interview-rule-2013-12"
"Engineers are usually good at fixing things. That's not engineering, it's tinkering. But nice job on the patchwork and I hope it's only a temporary solution."
"Curious: Can I ask which school this is? \n\nTo actually answer: Maybe apply for internships? Basically say that you're attending grad school after graduation. Apply for spring matriculation to grad schools. It's too late for fall. \n"
"While I can't say for your specific situation, the mythbusters actually did a test a while back to determine if sandblasting a PVC pipe would build up a significant static charge. Even with quite a bit of blasting, the buildup was basically negligible, although I would recommend seeking a second opinion because I am in no way an expert on static electricity."
"Not sure on the shot peen, in extractive metallurgy when using HDPE piping for organic liquids we have 1 m long steel sections every so often (think it is every 15 m, but can't remember as I haven't done it for a while) that are earthed to reduce static buildup that could lead to arcing (and fire, in this case). So I reckon your chances are pretty high for getting some kind of static buildup."
"This - a thousand times this - everyone wants EE/ME's. I know it's not totally fair, but it is what it is. I'd definitely recommend either ME or EE as you're going to see the most over lap with those two and BME.\n\nME or EE you can always get back into the bio-tech/bio-med sector later on too since you have the BME background.\n"
"This is dangerous. If you lie on your resume you'd damn well better be able to lie about every single imaginable detail they could possibly ask you. \n\nMajority of the interviews I've had involved detailed, in-depth questions regarding each line-item on my resume. \n\nThere's nothing (too) wrong with embellishing your resume, but for the sake of consistency, morality and your own piece of mind, keep it clean.\n\n"
"This is very interesting, but this story broke back in 2010, so it's unlikely that many here haven't heard about it."
"Grad school - at least, any reasonable program in the sciences - does pay a living wage. Both my fiance and I did our Masters and lived fairly well without debt. Our programs (in Canada) paid $18,500, and tuition was around $6-7k. We lived close to the University and didn't need a car and still had enough money to go out for dinner every week or so, buy the occasional fun thing, and live pretty 'normally'. I will definitely say that a Masters doesn't automatically qualify you for any jobs, but it IS a job if your only other option is going home and working at Walmart.\n\nTry to find a project that is funded by a company, or one where you will work closely with an industry contact. A lot of companies now fund cheap labour at universities instead of having their own R&amp;D lab. (At least, to cut down on the size of their R&amp;D on the cheap)"
"Hah, I know MEs and ChemEngs that have been looking for work for over a year. Generalities never work since they're location and industry specific..."
"CANbus is one of the most common protocols in auto, you should try and learn something about it. If you have a car that operates on it, and you probably do, try getting an adapter and rolling down your windows via computer."
"Don't do this. If you manage to bullshit your way through interview questions about the false statements on your resume and get the job, you run the risk of getting fired when someone figures it out. And that will make it MUCH more difficult to get hired again."
"The link is a 404 for me - probably because i'm in Australia - but I stumbled across something pretty cool on the Business Insider Australia site. CBF installing a video capture program for this, but the background is basically a GIF of Matt Damon smashing a computer (from Bourne maybe?).\n\nhttp://imgur.com/LbkPmwc\n\n\nhttp://www.businessinsider.com.au/elon-musk-job-interview-rule-2013-12"
"Firstly, what kind of work do you want to do? You haven't discussed this at all.\n\nBME BS degrees get criticized aggressively here and elsewhere because it's very difficult to find an entry point into industry with the degree (I believe this is largely the result of the media overhyping the field) and because in some cases MEs and EEs are better fits at medical device companies. Both of these points are accurate, and for the most part the criticism is fair.\n\nHowever, I would strongly refute that the degree is worthless or always lesser to an ME or EE degree. It depends how you use it. If you want to be successful with a BME BS you need to develop a niche or specialization and then exploit this until you rack up some experience. Unlike just about every other engineering discipline there really isn't a core set if skills that a BME uses in all/most situations. The field is extremely diverse, and if you want to differentiate yourself when you apply for a position you need a specific skill set that is more unique. If you don't have any kind of specialization, I would try to begin learning about it on your own. Your programming background could also fit the bill at a company geared towards bioinformatics. For a pure design/engineering position, even at a medical device/biotech company, an ME or EE will be the preferred choice.\n\nSince graduating with my own BME BS in 2010, I've worked for three biotech companies specializing in tissue engineering. I sought each new position to get more responsibility and increase my salary. There were ME's and EE's at these companies, but they were significantly less common than BME's with a BS or MS. I've been able to have this career path because I'm in Boston, and I do think that if you want to pursue BME you should move to either the east coast or the west coast. Also, as I want to stay in R&amp;D for the rest of my career, I will need to get at least an MS and possibly a PhD. If you don't want to work in R&amp;D a BS or MS/MBA will be sufficient."
"Could you expand on this option somewhat? I was not under the impression that Masters students could get paid."
"Start a project and document it well. It sounds like the traditional route of having a GPA above 3.0 isn't working. You can start a detailed engineering project and document it on a blog and LinkedIn. This will show people that you have hands on skills and abilities. Basically, you become lower risk by making it easy for hiring managers to see your skill set before interviewing. It also shows that you are productive and enthusiastic about engineering."
"Virtually all thesis-based science/engineering Masters here in Canada are paid positions. This attracts better candidates, because a lot of engineering grads go straight to industry. Look deeper for \"funded positions\". Course-based, or one year Masters will generally be non-funded. It isn't GOOD pay, but it is enough to live on if you aim for low cost of living cities. I would just search on a university's \"Prospective Student\" page for grad studies, and look for anything mentioning funded positions."
"My wife did this too an is in a similar boat.  Keep up the applications.  She got an MS in the field and is always frustrated.  When I talked to her more about it, I found out she hadn't contacted any local ACS or AiChE groups to network, or looked at similar associations for biomedical students.  \n\nDon't give up.  Network more.  She can do it and you will too."
"I have anecdotal experience with this.  We were sucking steel shot, used for sand blasting out of underground piping using vaccuum trucks and corregated plastic vacuum hoses with metal screens on the end.  I'm not sure whether it was pvc or not, but the plastic did not seem to discharge any static. The metal screens however, shocked the hell out of us. Hope this helps. "
"Count me as inattentive! "
"I'm not 100% sure, but I believe the experience has to be after you pass the FS exam.  The best way to get into surveying would be to find a company or mentor to help you out.  Most of the surveyors I deal with are small firms that employ just a few people or guys who work by themselves.  "
"Mind=blown"
"why? you don't have to tell your next job that you got fired for lying. "
"You know what? I was going to write a long message telling you what an awful idea that is and how shaving a few pounds off your ride will do virtually nothing as far as performance, but fuck it, go for it. See for yourswlf why everyone is saying its a dumb idea."
"morality my ass, he needs a fucking job. Obviously his current strategy isn't working. "
"/r/Entrepreneur might be able to help you out a bit better."
"Right. What would be interesting is if they 3d printed the machine and got it to work to see the gears in motion."
"I know, I posted there as well. But I was specifically hoping to get some aspects from an engineers POV that were unique. Most people on /r/Entrepreneur aren't Engineers, hence posting here, hoping for some perspectives from the background I'm coming from... "
"No, but engineering is a relatively small community, particularly fields like biomedical. Word gets around."
"I heard about this a while ago, and I was wondering why they just now decide to report on it here.  Then I saw this at the bottom:\n&gt;This io9 Flashback originally appeared on io9 in 2010.\n\nNow it makes sense.\n"
"Sorry to bring up a 4 week old post but you've garnered my interest. I've been trying to think of a way to make some extra coin without having to deal with a boss. Not an engineer but I'm an electrician (I do get the occasional side work.) and am pretty good with my hands, and have always loved building things.  What would you recommend for someone who doesn't know much about cars?  (I can change the oil, and replace a flat.  That's about it.)  What sections of craigslist do you search?  And recommended reading material?  Thanks!"
"Yes, probably will. You can try to run a bare copper wire along the inside of the pipe and connect it to something metal on one end and ground the other. "
"if you can chase down bad resistors and solder and what not a lot of people through old car amps away. there is a lot of money in that and a lot of tutorials online explaining how the bring old amps back to life. also like 90% of electronics that break are a broken power cable or broken solder point on the circuit board. start with super cheap stuff and your your way up? everything from macbook chargers to... "
"Idk why you have to be passive agressive about it. I dont understand why it wouldn't be beneficial to the car and if somebody would explain it they would probably sound like a decent human being unlike you."
"Hmm, I've got one of those coming, maybe I should give it a shot."
"Because you sound like some 16 year old trying to be fast and furious and about to fuck up his dads audi. It'd be similar to trying to make a better graphics card for your computer out of scrap radio parts, it just isn't feasable."
"For your own sanity, don't read the comments under the article."
"[deleted]"
"http://video.pbs.org/video/2364988981/ fascinating nova documentary about this device"
"Its a 2001 tt and i dont wanna go fast n furious with it i just want an interesting mechanics project until i go back to school rather than playing video games. Why if I use the same model for the pieces with different materials it wouldn't work?"
"Because if it would work, it would have been done already."
"Ok, so you juste dont know what youre talking about and want to be a smart ass  because im actaly trying to learn something. Do the world a favor, kill yourself."
"I'm not an entrepreneur (yet) but it's something I hope to one day pursue.  Are you looking to work for a company and slowly begin doing entrepreneur work on the side? Unless you have a billion dollar idea, I would suggest working in an engineering job for a few years at least to get a grip on the industry. Networking can be your best friend if you're looking to become an entrepreneur."
"Perhaps you were downvoted due to the very vague nature of your question.  Entrepreneurship means pretty much nothing in this context.  Are you starting a consulting firm? Inventing something and marketing it? Buying and selling?"
"Oh yea? Which did you purchase?"
"he doesn't have to get a job in that field to be successful. You have to be a jack of all trades.\n\nYour going to want to just spin a web of lies until you can't even remember your own bullshit anymore. \n\nThere are a lot of people who became CEOs and made a LOT of money before they got caught. "
"Good point. I was aiming to make it a very general question in an attempt to include any and all engineers who have since become involved in entrepreneurial-type work. I didn't say anything about what I hope to do, because honestly I don't know yet. I was just hoping to amass as much advice/information as possible at this point. I'll make that more clear in the original post.\n\nThanks for the feedback!"
"they found the dwemer."
"This seems to be the common theme in my other post at /r/Entrepreneur which can be seen [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/Entrepreneur/comments/1u5wcv/novice_engineer_graduating_in_the_spring_want_to/). \n\nAnd the point of networking, from what I understand, should not be overlooked since it seems to be a major component of entrepreneurship.\n\nAlso, I couldn't help but notice your username and comment that space is what drives me. I hope to one day be able to help develop/build space tech. SpaceX is one of my major dream jobs, aside from creating my own to assist in the endeavor of space travel. Are you a student by chance?"
"I graduated May 2013 and I actually work for a defense contractor in the space sector. If you'd like, you can pm me your email and I could fill you in a bit on what I do (as much as I'm allowed to) and what the industry is like. Now, I have only been working for ~7 months so my scope is certainly limited compared to other seasoned engineers but I'd be happy to help out at all. \n\nAnd my dream is also to somehow end up in space one day. Even if it's only for a minute. "
"WITCHCRAFT! SORCERY! DESTROY THEM ALL!   \n\n(my theory on what happened to all the similar devices of the time....except for the one that sank on a ship)"
"Solidoodle 2."
"Technology does improve efficiency. We are very good at [using every part of cows, for example.](http://discovermagazine.com/2001/aug/featcow#.UsR71vtIq40)\n\nThe problem is our appetite - many of us could easily choose to live in much smaller houses, walking distance from our jobs and eat mostly local (and less processed/varied) food. We could also choose to have fewer offspring."
"Yup, I graduated from wvu. Work not far away now. \n\nAnd speaking of nosql, I work with mongodb and it's magic. "
"http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Life-cycle_assessment"
"do they have placement or temporary agencies where you are? also inquire at the university see if anyone has called looking for students.\n\nalso, try craigslist, but be careful.\n\nremember you're offering more then drafting services, you're offering the skills you've picked acquired through training and schooling"
"PM sent!"
"And whats your course of study then?"
"Seeing these posts so frequently on this subreddit is troublesome, I am about to start second semester of BME, but I do intend to do dental school in the UK / America afterwards. I had the option of switching into ME/EE/whatever but decided against it. OP, where are you located if I may ask?"
"Good one."
"Yes life cycle assessment is a way of analyzing. The problem is where one stops though. Should one calculate only the energy needed to transport and transform the raw material into solar panels or also calculate the energy needed to construct the machines used for the transportation and transformation? "
"Tesla's charge rate is definable via the touchscreen.  No need to limit it on the house side."
"If they could be done lighter but with the same strength from commonly available materials  I'm pretty sure audi engineers would have done it. "
"But is the energy and time saved from using the cow more efficiently worth the energy and time needed to make the machines and do the transports needed to accomplish this? \nHow would one measure this?"
"Exactly this. The word means little. \nI have two businesses and are self employed. Am I an entrepreneur or just an engineer who prefers to be in control of his own work? \n\nWhat are you trying to achieve? "
"Well with mass produced vehicles they might want to cut down the costs even if the materials are not that much more expensive"
"You are asking about the relative value of time vs. energy vs. cow bits. This is a difficult comparison, and monetary value (where everyone gives their input into the relative value) is probably the optimum method to compare them. Capitalism naturally rewards efficiency.\n\nDo we need, or do we just want - that is the real \"green\" question."
"Mechancial Engineering. Working in the biomedical feild actually. My supervisors said they actually prefer mech and elec majors for entry level positions. "
"The problem is that time and energy is valued differently in different parts of the world. So if one calculates that it's worth it to invest in such a cow meat machine is it because it is actually more energy and time efficient or is it just moving the use of time and energy to some other place of the world where it's cheaper. Let's say the cow's are in the US then there are many places in the world where hourly wages and the cost of environmental impact is valued much lower than there. So investing in producing machines in some poorer country and then shipping it to US might make sense economically but that doesn't need it actually means less use of energy or less environmental impact."
"&gt;actually prefer mech and elec majors for entry level positions.\n\nThis seems to be the consensus around here. Im about to start my second semester of BME and had the option to switch into mech or electrical, but considering I want to pursue dentistry as a profession post-grad, I feel that having a grasp with the biomedical sciences would help. "
"Sales is a lot harder than you might expect, and not very fun.\n"
"- Go to a reputable school and you'll be fine. OSU would likely be fine, and the Big Ten actually has some really good programs too.\n\n- Not significantly different. My curriculum was a mixture of classes at Purdue; we took ME thermo, statics, and dynamics (though you could sub in the Civil mechanics courses), EE basic circuits, and math through partial differential equations. We internalized our materials and fluids courses, though they weren't that different from the other departments' courses.\n\n- I was looking for a job the spring after the accident at Fukushima. It was tough because the political climate threw the industry into uncertainty, which damped hiring. I and several others made the move to go to grad school (some of us in different fields), and several people I know got jobs outside of the field. Only a small number of people I graduated with ended up with jobs in the nuclear sector."
"What is the exact question you are trying to answer?\n\n&gt; How do we know if green technology is actually green?\n\nThat's a bit vague.  On the other hand, if you want to compare one technology to another, then you compare everything that is different between them.\n\nPicking the right question to ask is actually very important in these kinds of discussions and can be used to frame a debate one way or another."
"Given that most GPU fans pull air through the fans and push it out the expansion slot, this is a pretty good airflow setup for a caseless rig."
