"More people have actually died at the middle Emerald Pools trail."
"Something is amiss."
"I've been on the Kalalau trail (its 11 miles not 22, BTW) and Angels Landing.   The Kalalau trail has its tense moments like \"Crawlers Ledge\" at about mile 7,  but Angles Landing has much, much more exposure.  Its a nice hike to the chains, but after that its not for someone with a fear of heights.   "
"Looks like somewhere the old legends took place."
"&gt; at what point does a waistbelt .. matter?\n\nA hipbelt's primary job is to transfer weight of the pack directly to your hips, which can carry the load much more comfortably than your shoulders. In order to do so, you want the midline of the hipbelt to rest on the iliac crest of the hip, which will not be the case if the pack is too short. That's not to say you couldn't get by when using such a pack, but even the lightest of loads can become uncomfortable over the course of many miles. Would that be the case here? Only you can decide. "
"Nice to see those up here, what made you get there ? BTW, you missed the shoot across the pond, just great to have the rocks rise from a low blanket of fog across the water ;-)"
"Flott video! Hvor går neste langtur? :)"
"Damn, seems like I have to go to the maze to put my (awesome) sense of direction to the ultimate test!"
"Wow that would be awesome. Sadly no fog the day I was there!"
"This is the most scared I've been on a hike, http://www.portlandhikersfieldguide.org/w/images/thumb/d/d5/EagleCreekTrail01.jpg/398px-EagleCreekTrail01.jpg  \n\nits about 18 inches wide and very busy, so you have to pass people going the other way.  I waited with half my feet over the edge while 10 people passed on the inside bumping into me at random."
"Which falls are those? Thinking of a trip up there this summer."
"Those are the lower Cascades. They are on a road slightly outside the park with it's own parking lot. It's a short half mile hike and then down into the gorge. Totally worth it. People wade/swim in the grotto. If you are up for it, you can also climb the rocks next to the falls and explore the area up top."
"Awesome, thanks!"
"we were first day in, heavy loaded. I.e. non freeze dried food for first day still in packs. Each of those packs are over 60 lbs.\n\nI love the guy but he's f-in crazy and awesome. :)\n\nMy brother was surprised to see we had made it several miles with my cousin waring two packs."
"There are a bunch of other small waterfalls in the park, but this one is by far the most amazing."
"I was there yesterday!"
"Eagle Creek Trail, yeah it's a pretty cool trail though. At least it has the cable to hold onto. "
"If your packs are 60 pounds you are doing something seriously wrong."
"If you're backpacking and let someone do a 10 mile hike by themselves, let alone wait for them as planned, you're doing something wrong."
"This pretty standard when I am portaging."
