"My adze's what?"
"Chock either side with wedges cut from branches so that it will not roll, mark the split line with chalk, have someone eye balling the line of cut for corrections, keep the cutter bar at 30deg to the top of the log and take your time.\n\nOnce deep enough follow the cut with wedges to keep the cants from closing against the bar and chain.\n"
"Funny this option came up, and I don't know how serious you are, but we do in fact run out there to shush em when she does this.  It works, for a few minutes.  Then she's at it again :)"
"Thank you!  I love duckies... I'm a quack addict :)"
"&gt; the ones in cages their whole lives.\n\n... and never got to grub in the dirt for a bug even once!  I'm with you there..."
"Very nice. Peeps too big for another duck beard shot?"
"That'll be awkward but I'll give it a shot tomorrow.   "
"Nice work. That log sure didn't want to split nice.\n\nI just finished installing a split cedar walkway, about 3 feet wide and 50 feet long, over a bog.  The cedar was a hell of a lot easier to split than that hemlock.... But the rough hewn surface will provide good traction for over a decade. Took two people about 6 hours each.\n\nYes we used a small chainsaw as well for a few trimming bits, maybe 5 mins running time in total.\n\nI've done the alaskan mill thing....  4 foot double-ended bar with a stihl 090 on each end.  It's an 80-pound rig minus the guide rails and cutting bed, and impossible to walk in over any length of trail. Noisy like you wouldn't believe. The best chainsaw mill I used had twin hydraulic motors on each end, powered by a 50-hp diesel tractor running at 2k rpm. \n\nAnyways...  Nice work.  Keep it up.  Next time try a starting cut on one end, about 8 inches deep.  Get a few of those wooden wedges in there, and then start splitting just like you did, but try to open it up at one end and work your way along, if that makes sense. Iron wedges to start the edge splits, wooden ones to keep opening it up. Be sure to check the log first, make darn sure the grain is straight, no spirals. You were a little lucky with that log, or maybe your sawyer has a good eye for wood. It's nice to be able to walk everything in and out every day.\n\nThere are a few overly urbanized city-bound shithead homesteader wannabees trolling on this thread. \n\nWell, we all started somewhere.\n\nHappy new year!\n"
"Do you only have hens? Sometimes, if there's no rooster around, a hen will take it upon herself to crow the way roosters do. Maybe your hen is stepping up to be the roo of the coop? \n\nI'd ask your neighbours and make it very, very clear that honesty is the best policy because hens can live for a long time and if they lie to \"keep the peace\" they're going to live with the noise for a while. They may not even care about the noise. One of my neighbours also has chickens (ours were hatched from her flock) and the other's daughter loves hearing the roosters crow (we have several). So, no problems here, but you can bet we had an honest conversation with them about the reality  of having multiple roosters next door! \n\nIf worst comes to worst, you'll have a hen retired from laying a bit earlier than planned on. It might sound morbid, but if you have kids, it's a great way to teach them about what goes into the food we eat and why it's so important to treat animals with respect."
"For a tradesman, sure. But for someone with a limited budget, corded tools are just better. I bought a 11 amp corded drill for $50. A cordless drill would cost double that and there is no cordless drill that can put out 1300 watts of power continuously."
"Even if you don't want to cut it all the way through, a notch on the end and only 3 wedges will split it very well."
"Regarding the hemlock issue. Would it be better to let them all die, or try to replace them with Chinese Hemlock, which is immune to the HWA?\n\nI read that the USDA is actually trying to breed hybrids to be resistant. But I think those will be too late to the game."
"I have never seen a guinea that could keep quiet for more than a couple of hours. Next to peacocks, they're the noisiest animals on the planet, I think."
"I guess it depends on how many gift cards you got and what you already have. If you were so inclined you could get a wood stove to heat the house and as an alternative source of cooking. On the other end of the spectrum are hand tools like a coal shovel, pitch fork, axe, maul, etc. Or you could get a welder. Good luck, you will get many opinions when you ask others to help spend your money. "
"Yup, eat the noisy ones and replace with a different breed if they were unique...."
"Our forest ranger likes the old ways, but is not above using a chainsaw in some places, a chainsaw mill in the woods though... I don't think he would go for that. We use crosscut saw where and when we can, I prefer them over chainsaws in the wilderness. I hear you on the armchair homesteaders, I swear if you posted a thread detailing a perpetual motion machine that would solve the worlds energy problems, someone would shit all over it. Welcome to reddit right? Thanks for the nice words."
"Well most of them are going to die. There is a an expensive treatment you can give them that will save them. The problem is you can't treat the wilderness. The forest service has given the go ahead to treat some of the hemlocks in the area around visitor centers and high traffic areas. Some of the hemlocks in the gorge are so big it would take three people arm and arm to go around them. Even if you could replace the eastern hemlock in time, the ecosystem in the gorge will never be the same. "
"No worries... Chainsaw mills have their place, but they are nasty whining bitches most folks can't wait to see off.  I work with volunteers in the backwoods from time to time and we prefer to keep things quiet, lean, and clean.  Skills over machines, that's where it's at!\n\nHappy new year's to ya!  It's 10:12 pm where I am, just finished cheese fondue for 20, we are chilling with drinks before a bonfire on the beach, hope you are bringing in 2014 in style!  All the best to ya!"
"Happy new year!"
":)"
"I too would like to apoiogize for the hypercritical reception. Getting real tired of the negativity that's coming to this place. I enjoyed your walkway. I think it's quite luxurious compared to the downed trunks I precariously walk over. Thanks for sharing."
"We have a lot of them as landscaping trees here, but we dont have HWA yet."
"How do you keep a rooster from crowing on sunday?"
"How handy are you at putting things together? You could theoretically assemble your own LED grow lamps using a sheet of metal, some LED's from eBay and a couple led drivers and a cpu fan or two. (Usually need 1 driver per 10 LED's if you are using the 3W diodes.)\n\nI would try to mimic the average light spectrum of the sun during the first two months of your growing season. That may take a bit of research to do but I think the end result will serve well."
"I'd noticed a few YouTube videos on the subject of making the full spectrum lighting but I don't have the time to try that this year. "
"Dude, buy a tarp."
"You could buy a strip of LED Christmas lights and take a piece of plywood and drill the holes for them and arrange them that way.  It's a lot cheaper and easier than building your own.  "
"Ikea has [these guys,](http://www.ikea.com/us/en/catalog/products/20119418/) but I don't know if they will do what you want."
"It is still a bit expensive to go LED for the amount of lumens you are probably after. Aquarium lighting is the correct 'cool' full spectrum you want for young plants and is probably going to be the cheapest option unless you make your own.\n\nEDIT. Thought, I'd mention I use a 40w metal halide that was for an outdoor drive way. I can get 4 seedling pallets under it at the end of February and along with keeping them close to the window during the day, the light is enough to keep the day long, give them light, and my plants have been fine at 4 inches tall when it is warm enough to move them outside into the shade to acclimate before planting.\n\nEDIT. So, if you have a place to put them close to a window, that would help more than any light, and, you'd only really need the light in the evening to keep the day long for them. Makes power and lumens less important when you've a little bit of daylight in a window to work with."
"On a farm the corded drill is not always so helpful. I have 3 outbuildings that are away from the house with no power to them. One will get powered next year as a shop. But right now a corded drill does absolutely zip for me. I have to get the genny out and move it where I am working and get it running just to do a simple job. Nope cordless if you have land and some out buildings or work that needs done out on the farm."
"We've found there's no such thing as a stove that is too big. Use smaller sized pieces of wood, use the damper more and choke it up sooner.\n\nEDIT. We've a Jotul#4 in a 30foot home and it took a good few years to master it with no outside help. So feel free to ask us anything, show photos of what you have to help, but really, here's a few things to think about, I'd hate to think of people spending so much time like we did... it's just a lost art from what I can tell.\n\nFlu height. If the flu is really pulling you want that damper shut down to as little as an inch of opening. You say you've a too hot stove so keeping the damper down once it hits 300 or 350 is step one.\n\nGasket and air choke. If you've good damper control, then closing the choke at your desired temperature or just before, means you'll have a long constant burn at your desired temperature. A bad gasket will screw this all up and you'll always be overburning too hot.\n\nWood size. In the deep fall and early spring we'll never use anything larger than 4 inches or so and burn a bit of pine with things for easy burns and low temps. Right about now, January, we're burning logs of hardwood(because here with bad insulation and it hitting 0 at night, means we need a constant 4 or 450, lol, our windows suck out the heat without even opening them), and best at night to fill it up with oak if we have it as oak means there are coals still there in the morning for easy lighting. It sounds like you should be splitting wood into smaller sizes if you've good stove control. Smaller burns in a big stove do mean you should be cleaning that chimney out well every year, I even check mine in the winter around the end of February. Soot builds up more with small burns and pine builds up a lot as well.\n\nSeriously, woodstoves, they're something of an art. Don't think it just is, and, tinker with it a bit. You really can control them.\n\nAlso, nice blog. Pretty rare when I don't scream blogspam around here."
"#1 One of the tools I found helpful on my 24 acres is a ~5000 watt gas genny. I do not have power run to all the out buildings and probably never will, but still need to work in them occasional. Also need power out in the field sometimes for emergent repairs (can run a small welder off genny out of 4x4 pickup bed) Also since we are in the country we do loose power on occasion so it is good to have a back up for that. Has seen a lot  of use this year.\n\n#2 a good stay in place air compressor for a shop/garage. If you do your own auto/truck/tractor work you will never go without one once you get one. Pneumatic tools are fabulous in the shop.\n\n#3 Depending on how much you got and what you are doing a good set of the best hand implements is worth it. If you don't already have a spade, a long handled pointed and flat edge shovels and wood working/chopping implements. A good set of forks as well; a short handle with the thicker tines and a long handle with the thinner hay tines. A good sledge, splitting maul, wedge, and ax as well if you plan to use wood heat at any point. You will still always need some sort of manual tools even if you have a tractor/tiller.\n\n#4 a good dump cart if you have a lawn and garden or subcompact tractor. A good 15-17 CU foot dump cart is very useful for moving EVERYthing around a small farm. Finished compost to garden, yardwaste to compost, animal waste to compost, moving cinder blocks around as needed. Bringing in stuff from the back part of the garden. Giving grandkids, kids, drunk people rides around the property. Very useful. (washout between animal waste to compost heap and grandkids though) If a smaller place you can have loads of topsoil or mulch etc dropped in one spot and then moved to where you need it pretty easily."
"Many mills are big to be hiking around with, but, for something right around $100 you can get [something like this](http://www.logbuildingtools.ca/images/pic78b.jpg). Very light and a 2x6 with a couple screws means you can do some precision work as well."
"[deleted]"
"[deleted]"
"The wooden wedges are splitting because you are hitting them with the metal axe. Pound wood with metal and the wood will get destroyed after a while. If you use a wooden mallet instead then the wedges should last longer.\n\nIdeally the wedges should be made of a hard wood. They should be made from a harder wood than the log you are trying to split."
"Nice work, and nice write up.  I've been a part of some fun projects like this, but always seem to be too lazy to put together a thoughtful write up like this one.\n\nYou should consider x-posting to [r/trailwork](http://www.reddit.com/r/trailwork)."
"I'm not understanding what you mean by making a beam out of the whole thing. Do you mean to just not split it in half?"
"Cordless impact driver, will save so much effort building things, I use mine working on the truck too. Get socket adapters. Store your batteries above freezing too."
"I second.  If she's freaking out about the sun, give her light."
"4 years ago I moved to 2.5 acres, mostly forest, on the side of a mountain- my soil was practically nothing but clay, sand, and rock  Now my garden is really starting to go crazy, by doing the following:\n\nI started off by getting as much free/cheap manure as I could (check craigslist, it typically isn't that hard to find).\n\nI also find free/cheap hay for mulching/manure.  Straw has less weed seeds, but is mostly carbon; hay is a better C/N ratio.\n\nI composted every organic material that came onto my land.  Food scraps, leaves, grass clippings, ash, rotten firewood, etc.  Although I do not use human/pet wastes, I do pee on piles of leaves to add nitrogen.\n\nI seeded my lawn with clover to help fix nitrogen, other areas with alfalfa, and use cover crops in my beds.  These include clover for nitrogen, turnips to help drill through the original clay soil, and a rye/vetch winter cover mix.\n\nThe cover crops take some planning.  Everything else just takes some time and effort to haul/move things.  But I think doing this is just like heating with firewood:  Rather than spend time and money going to the gym to haul/move weights to stay healthy, I do the same thing at home (with a beer in hand!) and get extra veggies or heat for my home."
"Personally, I have found that the hand drill does all of that work.  I could see a situation where I would want the cordless, though I haven't run into it yet.  I also have land and outbuildings, but haven't been here very long."
"&gt; a low-wattage metal halide lamp.\n\nFYI, most aquarium lamps are just that.\n\nBut I don't know about the LED full's that the OP was referring to."
"[deleted]"
"Jersey Giants!"
"The buff orpington does go broody a lot. I had one hen who was constantly hiding huge clutches of eggs and trying to hatch them. Finally got her some eggs to hatch. Proudest day of her life. Don't forget the silkie as well, it is a very old asian breed. It may not be much of a multi purpose breed but it is an excellent broody and will raise just about anything. It also is known for its soft fur-like feathers and friendly and docile temperament. Every cross breed I've had of the silkie and a nother breed has a had a gentle temperament as well. They make great pets and are much less destructive to the garden, one of my favorites. "
"Is this article a translation or something? The editing is terrible."
"how do those not turn to a shitty, heaping mess in a few years? in the north, it would only take a few winter seasons to rip that plastic or break the structure itself. Any higher quality methods?"
"Funny, I raised 25 of the Cornish-Giant crosses this year, but never once thought about the breeds behind them."
"I was just throwing out the idea, but I share your concern.  I've never built one, but I live in a valley where wind is almost never an issue, so have been considering it.  "
"This ^  \nThe team at a good nursery would have great feedback. Make sure you know your soil type, exposure (sun and wind), what is growing there now (can sometimes be an indicator of what else may grow well there), what your intentions are and what you like. Pictures are a good idea as well if you're not sure what to tell the staff about your plot. "
"That's funny, I have virtually all of those breeds represented in my flock. :-)"
