"You're totally right. The holidays just happened so despite my best efforts I gave in to the eating. But I'm learning that once in a while you do have to let yourself cheat,  but not too much. I need to learn not to go overboard. I have myfitnesspal too and it definitely helps. I've already lost 10 pounds and I got down to 235 but I'm back to 240 now which is a little disappointing. Still, I'm not giving up. Your photos show me what I could be :) "
"Wow thats so amazing! Great job! Quick qustion, did you have to get skin reduction surgery? 5'8 and 90lbs down and definitely feel like I am going to need it. Also, any suggestions?"
"That freaking amazing man, a huge congratz to you!! Its keeping it off, that is the most difficult part. Its so easy to fall right back into how you use to eat/habbits. I am only saying this, because I gained most of all my 50lbs i lost. I am not trying to be a debby downer, just telling from experience. You are a huge inspiration to get back to losing weight. Iv done it once, and I know i can do it again.\n\n Thank you for sharing this with us!!"
"My suggestion is taking a break to eat at you maintenance weight to get used to having a good healthy relationship with food, I took 6 months and in that time I discovered what my triggers were and what to avoid. ive lost slowly over the last two years because I totally never want to go back to how I was. start now! 5 and half months and youll be back to 50 down, thats no time at all! DO IT!!!!!\n\nThanks for the kind words, seriously!"
"I am pretty lucky in that department, so far Ive noticed no loose skin at all, Dont let loose skin bring you down though, its just concrete evidence of your hard work and it can be fixed. My suggestion is take it slow, dont get bummed out over anything if you can because positive frame of mind is what keeps the weight burning off"
"lol!"
"Um...what kind of kitchen are you keeping? i have none of those things lol"
"Thanks!"
"Acceptance works better than will power. It takes practice, but if you work at it, you'll get it!"
"Have you always been overweight? If not why did you put on weight?"
"BMR is what you burn if you're just lying in bed, sleeping, doing nothing.  I would guess that only consuming 1200-1300 kcal is far under a 25% calorie deficit if your BMR is 1601 and it's entirely likely your body has slowed down a bit on the metabolism in order to conserve fat.  The body understands maintenance and conservation of resources... it doesn't quite get surplus and the importance of will over loss.  \n\nHonestly, I'm kind of impressed you've been able to get 30 lbs down on that much of a deficit without giving up because of hunger, deprivation, and general crankiness.  That can't have been easy.  But it's almost certainly not sustainable.  Go [recalculate](http://scoobysworkshop.com/calorie-calculator/) your caloric needs based on your new stats and then eat something healthy.  Plenty of healthy things are also high fat and calorie dense.  For weight loss purposes, it doesn't really matter, though if you're looking to hit macros, you might want to be a little more particular about where those calories are coming from."
"[deleted]"
"Wow... You look amazing! How do you maintain your confidence? Do you practice 'cheat' day while dieting to suppress your cravings?"
"Thanks!! Confidence is tricky, some days I feel amazing, some days I feel shitty, It was hard when I first lost a good amount of weight because I realized that my self loathing didnt go away with the fat, Weight loss helps you break a visual barrier for yourself and that totally translates mentally as well but the mind is funny. You need to learn to love who you are regardless of what you look like, once you develop that then its much easier to take things as they come. \n\nI cheat pretty frequently but I try to keep the cheating to a single meal, Never beat yourself up if you eat 2000 calories one day instead of 1300 because you still wont gain weight from 2000 calories. essentially the goal is to turn a cheat day into a neutral weight day, no weight gained, no weight lost. knowing you didnt gain weight from a cheat makes going back to reduced calories then next day much easier mentally.\n\nEDIT: also keep an eye at your triggers, diet pop, salty food, sweets, any sort of processed anything. I know full well what will send me on a binge so when I cheat I avoid that stuff. Also try going a month without bad cheat food, your palate will get used to having less salt and sugar so these foods wont taste as appealing. (in my experience) "
"Thank you for your answer. I just recalculated. So I'm just trying to get this 100% right. It says I should be getting about 1700 calories a day. So I should fill that void with healthy things, right? And NOT change how much I work out? And then I'll lose more weight...?"
"Go check out [/r/FoodAddiction](http://www.reddit.com/r/FoodAddiction/) lots of people there who suffer from emotional eating/binges. Also check out [Overeaters Anonymous](http://www.oa.org/) lots of resources there (podcasts, info etc). "
"You son of a bitch! You're my height and were my starting weight. I'm only down to about 169 now, but cool! YEAH, BITCH!"
"Wow.\n\nYou look great, yipjump.  Congratulations!"
"HOT ON MY HEELS! the next 10 lbs lost will be super noticeable and awesome! every 10 I lose feels like 20 or 30lbs when I was in my 200s. keeps feeling better and better"
"THanks!!! keeping me going!"
"I will be at Georgia Tech Lorraine.  Georgia Tech has a satellite campus in Metz, Lorraine."
"Correct.  Im American."
"I don't know about the ones you mentioned, but I have recently found a brand called Amys and everything i have gotten has been amazingly tasty, very low on calories and natural and organic. they have lots of choices. I have found them in target and also packaged under a different name at trader joes. they are so good and i am so glad i found them. "
"Happy for you bud, congrats and happy new year!\n"
"Amazing wok! congrats."
"thanks, you too! gonna be a great year."
"Fantastic work man, congratulations. Keep up the amazing work you are an inspiration. "
"How's the skin?"
"Healthy things are always a better choice... because... y'know... health.  And important vitamins and minerals.\n\nWhen you say 1700 calories a day, is that your BMR, or the caloric deficit you're trying to target?  You can eat less than your BMR and still survive but you might find yourself stalling on weight gains if you're lifting, or stamina on your cardio.  Without knowing your specific diet and exercise plan or your goals or it's kind of impossible to say if you should change how you're working out.  In general though, if you continue to eat at a deficit it will eventually catch up with you and you will see weight loss.  Sometimes it plateaus a bit while your body takes time to find a new equilibrium.  "
"omg this is the first time I recognized someone on reddit :0"
"If you're just starting out and learning portion control they are fine. In the long run though they have so much extra sodium it could hinder your efforts because of water retention. "
"You're completely right, I'm doing this shit. As others say you're an inspiration.\n\n\nEven if you do look like Jack Osbournes distant cousin"
"Hey most guys I dated weighed around you if not more! Don't let that knock you down. "
"WOW crazy progress man, congratulations. keep pushing it, you are doing great!"
"Not a small victory to me man. Was motivating for me to accomplish something that I have never been able to do."
"Who is this!!"
"one day, one day people will stop asking me if I am jack osbourne\n\nbut seriously, DO IT!!!"
"ill definitely look into that. sorry for the late reply, didn't see the notification. (on mobile) "
"we don't really know each other.. friend of a friend.. I think your name is Chris.. I could be wrong because you look so different :| good job on the weight loss man!"
"Thanks, still interested in who the mutual friend is!"
"Caitlyn :) I guess I'm right then haha"
"Victory confirmed. Ate none the next day, either. Now its gone.\n\nAwesome salad tonight, which I rarely eat unless I'm in the mood (too many years of restricted eating). \n\nFeelin good, feelin fine, feelin groovy. You?"
"Decoration! Yes!"
"lol evil mom :)"
"Yeah and that's ok...if you are hungry. I am just sick of being nagged to eat it because \"its there, and it tastes good\". Leave me alone, taste buds! ha!"
"Be patient\n\nForgive your set backs and renew your motivation every time you slip\n\nDO NOT eat fast food. None. \n\nStop drinking soda. Drink water instead. No diet sodas even.\n\nAlso don't drink anything with caffeine. That one was a personal thing for me. It feels like the caffeine pulls extra water out of you and you need the water for a lot of reasons. Others might not agree with this one but I quit caffeine and dropped an extra 10 pounds just because of that change."
"Thanks for sharing.  I am in a similar situation and this is very inspiring.  "
"Real cute! Nice work."
"To have this wisdom by 26...you got the world by the tail."
"thanks :)! fellow hastings sunrise dweller"
"Holy shit dude, awesome!!  I'm currently sitting at 285 and want to get down to 200.  What kind of diet did you use?  I think that's where I run into my issues.  What was your routine and what was your diet?  Feel free to PM me if you don't want to post it all here!"
"Its great!!"
"You're not going to die over it. It won't even set you back a fraction of a pound. "
"Congrats to the guy but based on his other posts, +30-40lbs of muscle while losing weight in such a short amount of time is hard to believe.\n\nEdit: Not taking anything away from his accomplishments; I'm sure he still looks great."
"I overcame BED by controlling blood sugar through lowish carb and cals. Im on MFP as my100plan and as of today Im down 30lbs since mid oct. "
"routine for the most part was \n\n1300 calories a day, 2000 on cheat days (just cause you cheat, doesn't mean you will gain weight!) \n\nbreakfast: three hardboiled eggs (kept all my meals at around 300 calories max) OR Mighty Kale smoothie from Jugo Juice\nsnack: almonds! \nlunch: 2 Avocado Rolls \nSnack: MORE ALMONDS!\nDinner: whatever I could find in my 300 cal range\n\nzero pop and zero diet pop. black coffee, tea and water are all I drink. \n\nevery day I bike to work, which is around 300 calories lost, so I will usually get that back with fruit or more almonds (or not if I feel fine by the end of the day) \n\nthats pretty much it, of course the food itself changes. Diet is the single most important part of weight loss, your relationship with food needs to be healthy. you can work out all you want and eat poorly, but when a time comes that you don't want to work out, the bad diet will just pack weight on.\n\nMy goal was to develop a plan that allowed me to be lazy as hell and still lose, because chances are some days I will want to take the bus. avoid processed foods. many of them have ingredients that will trigger cravings and that can be a disaster "
"Very true. Considering that I already retain water I should probably stay away.. Ugh"
"OP, I was the same way, but look at this:\n\nhttp://ca.askmen.com/sports/health_500/562_caloric-restriction-and-memory.html\n\nHave an apple or something healthy, but overall caloric restriction helps in your studies. \n"
"Yeah I'm gonna need a pic."
"went all punk rock on us huh?\n\nThat being said well done dude. You're one of those inspiration types people need to see from time to time. \n\nNow go, go woo the women of the world."
"Haha nice :)"
"Stick to 1600 calories a day and get a lot of light cardio in (walking, jogging, yoga, etc).  Shouldn't have an issue losing it by August. "
"They're nice to have on hand if you're ever in a pinch for time so you don't feel you have to resort to fast food, but generally they should be all you eat - high in sodium and pretty processed although portion controlled and convenient. "
"Ive always really been into punk among other genres! that photo was taken at work so I couldnt display it as well haha\n\nThanks for the kind words!!!! \n\n"
"If it's a digital scale, try replacing the batteries and resetting the scale.. if that doesn't work it may be time for a new scale. "
"My issue was that I gained weight b/c I was great at working out and gaining muscle but SUCKED at losing fat.  Chewing gum has been my secret weapon.  Gives your body the idea that you're eating without actually doing it.  You're an inspiration sir.  I plan on hiking the Oregon section of the Pacific Crest Trail in 2015 so that gives me 16 months or so to lose and tune my body!  Knowing how you've done is a big time plus.  "
"I might need to look more into what im doing to help my eating habits. Thank you!"
"[deleted]"
"I actually thought you looked more like [Nick Frost](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0296545/?ref_=tt_ov_st) (from Sean of the Dead), who is, frankly, awesome. Your weight loss is still ridiculously awesome, but Nick Frost is definitely not a bad fat guy comparison."
"Not even a problem dude you earned it. You've got the size perfect for the pit not to big as to crush someone and not to small as to be crushed. \n\nif you ever need to crowd surf look for a big bouncer looking guy probably wearing a girls baseball shirt (I swear it said unisex when I bought it haha fucking ADTR merch guy)"
"community college classes are like going to clown college bro, I bet your high school shit is harder."
"Thank you! But the best is yet to come I'm thinking. "
"Seriously awesome job! You are looking great!!\nAlso a little jealous of the pic with Lou, he bailed on my regional con."
"Head on over to r/bigdickproblems"
"Take a before pic, it totally helps in your journey. When you are feeling like you aren't making any progress just look at that before pic so you can see how far you've come. Good luck!"
"Nice work!"
"I'm gonna have to start learning how to cook "
"Yesterday i did my first pullup! A month ago I did my first Chin-up, now i can do seven!  Good job man, I hope we can both continue to improve."
"Good work! Happy new years!"
"Good going! Although I technically *did* gain weight \"over the holidays\", I do weigh less than I did the day before Thanksgiving. So I count it."
"Well all I can say is keep doing it and it'll continue at some point. And always be honest which can be the hardest part. It isn't magic. "
"If that is your big holiday cheat for the year, I'd say you're doing pretty good. I assume they chocolates aren't enormous.\n\nYou'll be fine, just move on and stay on track, and don't freak out too much if you eat the occasional chocolate."
"I needed to hear this. Thank you so much and huge congrats on losing the weight. You look happy :)"
"It is possible. \n\nI'm not too familiar with how these things work with the Army, but do you need to be a certain weight going in? The people I have known that went in did so over a decade ago. They basically said that boot camps fixed everything. Those who needed to lose weight, lost it. Those who needed to gain weight, gained it. Has the Army reached a point where they are turning people away?\n\nI know a lot of guys in the Armed forces are going to Crossfit, and I think I read the new physical fitness test is kind of Crossfit-like. You may want to look to that. You'll probably want to supplement extra sprints/runs to prep yourself for all the long hikes and stuff in boot camp. /r/crossfit\n\nWhen it comes to your weigh, diet is the most important. If you go the Crossfit route, they are big into /r/paleo. As long as you are eating clean and lowering your caloric intake, you should be fine. You have 8 months, so you have time to learn some things along the way about what works best for you and tweak things up or down."
"I would recommend chewing gum, but seeing as you have braces... Maybe the braces friendly type? It really helps to keep you from getting hungry, it helps if you aren't used to eating less than normal."
"Go to bang town, and get lost in said bang town. GO FOR IT!"
"You look GREAT!"
"Basically, it's a recommended [weight class](http://www.military.com/join-armed-forces/army-weight-rules.html) that you should keep when going in. It's so during BMT you don't have to be stressed about gaining or losing weight. I'd just prefer to be in my weight class. I'm sure they'd let me enlist even with my current weight, but it's about doing as they ask, to be the best damn combat medic I can be. "
"I fast 16/8 every day, so after 8pm, after dinner, I'm pretty much done until lunch tomorrow.\n\nIf you've had your dinner tonight, then there you are."
"Ah, didn't know they had those posted out there. You're doing it the right way, that will make things much easier on you later.\n\nI also just found out I should lose 40 lbs."
"thanks"
"No doubt. It is a journey and you have come a long way, be proud and keep pushing forward. Don't feel weird about the gym, just know at least 50% of the people no matter how in shape they are, are just as nervous as you and some are looking at you saying wow that person belong here but i dont. Best of luck."
"[deleted]"
"Holy cow you're adorable! Grats on the loss!"
"Cooking is great.  It's part art, part science, you get to roll up your sleeves and get your hands dirty, and when you're done - there's food! How awesome is that!?  Best of all, you get to control what goes into it."
"Not a bad name. Not very descriptive but not bad. \n\nI'd love to help out with this (even if it was from a few hours ago)!\n\nWhat kind of eating disorders? (anorexia, emotional eating, body dysmorphism?) Will the emphasis be more on the diet or the exercise? Are there any specific diets you're going to try/evaluate on it? (South Beach, Keto, Vegetarian?) The more info you can give the better I can understand what you're looking for! (Feel free to PM me with it, I'll be lurking for a while!)"
"I love Amy's Low Sodium Mac and Cheese! Stuff is nearly as good as homemade, and a lot faster."
"Read labels! Some of them have stupidly high sodium (pizzas/anything with tomato or any kind of sauce) and some aren't quite as bad. I usually keep a couple of lean cuisine in the freezer for the nights I am bribed into cooking something I absolutely hate (like clams and noodles. urgh, clams, mushrooms and fat spaghetti noodles, 3 of my least fave foods...lol)\n\nA super easy option if you're using them cause you want something fast is to get some good freezer storage containers and make stuff well ahead of time. Tons of great recipes out there and you control how much sodium and other stuff goes in. If you're wanting to use them because you don't know how to cook, it's really *really* worth taking the time to learn! "
"I totally slacked off for 3 weeks.  No gym, no counting, lived off of cookies, ham and lasagne. I lost a pound.  WUT?\n\nThen I realized that even though I felt like I pigged out, my stomach is sooo much smaller and I was only able to eat a few bites before getting full. Long story short, I survived.  Although I'm very behind on my running.\n\nFor those of you that lost or broken even, HUZZAH!!!  Great job!\n\nFor those of you that gained, not a big deal. Forgive yourself and move on.  The crazyness is over, let's get back to work."
"Weight goals  \n\nBe under 300 by March (that'd be around 10lbs a month, hoping I'm further than that but I'll really be happy with whatever!). \n\nBe able to fit in a single airplane seat! \n\nNot to let the elliptical kick my ass at the gym. (really 5 min and I'm dying. Even on the lowest setting. My body just doesn't seem to appreciate that my brain enjoys doing that, lol) \n\nOh and to try the new water aerobics class at the gym. Seems fun, mostly older ladies that are around my size, but for some reason I'm still terrified of it. (Which is just stupid because I love swimming!)\n\nNon weight related \n\nFinish saving up to go to England! (So close! More than halfway to my goal)\n\nTo learn enough of another language to carry on (at least) a simple conversation.\n\nLearn how to knit. I've tried and just can't seem to wrap my head around it, even with youtube videos. I can crochet, I can sew, I can even draft my own clothing patterns, but I can't even knit a simple scarf. xD"
"To write a minimum of a paragraph a day. (I love writing but rarely make time for it.)\n\nTo try a new recipe every single week, and to have at least 2 days per month of vegetarian / raw food meals. \n\nTo wear more colors. (I know this one sounds weird, but I've been a \"black and gray clothing only\" kinda person since I was about 15. Not \"goth\" or \"emo\" just... no colors, black/gray are easier to keep clean and makes me feel unnoticeable. )\n\nI really try to avoid vague ones, stuff like \"to lose weight\" or \"to write\" just leave me way too much room to make excuses. I can write a paragraph in 10 min, or I can take all day if I want, but I'll do it either way. I can lose 10 lbs in a month (that's only 2.5lbs/week, well within safe ranges at my size atm!)"
"I had salad for dinner to make up for fried chicken for lunch, and drinking wine. "
"Hi Jarrett,\n\nWhat you're looking for is totally doable.  Have you spoken with a recruiter yet?  Often times, they will have a several days a week PT session for prospective recruits, to help get prepared for shipping out to BCT.  It won't be enough.  But it is an opportunity to have actual soldiers help keep you motivated, and help you with guidance on things like correct pushup form, etc.  They also may have returning recruits from your area, fresh out of BCT who can tell you stories, answer questions, etc.\n\nYou will want to do more PT than that on your own.  Depending on how frequently you work out with the recruiter, you should hope to do at least 3 decent runs a week.  2 miles is good.  5 miles is better.  You can work up to it, you'll be surprised how easily if you focus.  At least 2 sessions of good MSE.  Pushups, sit ups, interval training, and all sorts of things.  Your recruiters or any number of websites should have variations on routines to keep you busy.\n\nHonestly, all that is only 20% of the weight loss you want.  But the best thing you can do for yourself if you plan on enlisting is, be able to meet the [PT requirements](http://usarmybasic.com/army-physical-fitness/apft-standards) for your age before you ship.  Your entire time in BCT will be easier the more fit you are.  From my personal experience, better to ship 10 lbs light and passing your PT test than ship 10 lbs under and needing to get a minute faster on the run.\n\nAs for the rest, eat smart.  Track calories, track your progress, adjust as necessary.  At 1 hour of exercise 5 days a week, you can still pack away 2000 calories and see some progress.  ~30 weeks to go soldier, you can do it."
"Ray?"
"I really wish I could give advice on the working out, but I feel like it would do you no good whatsoever for the most part. I live in southeast GA, we've not had snow since 1989! (That's really not a joke either. Snow down here would shut down everything xD) The best thing to do may be to ask around where you live. I know our local mall opens around 2 hour early for \"mall walks\" every morning. All the stores are still closed, but it's kinda like they use it as an indoor track? (Mostly used in the summer, even in the morning is stupidly hot here sometimes) Same for one of the local parks, one of the larger buildings at one of them is used for an indoor track most days (except Sunday because my town shuts down on that day for the most part.). You don't have to pay for either of them, you literally just show up and start walking/jogging. \n\nI know youtube has a ton of videos for seated exercises, maybe that would be possible? And I'm sure there are some for people with limited space, I remember watching one ages ago with the guy recording from his closet (space around the size of a single size bed)."
"You'd have to do the measurements."
"Thanks!"
"I have about 65 lbs to lose till I reach my goal weigh, after losing 38 lbs during the last 4 months of 2013. I'm trying to lose as much as possible before September. Then as regards fitness goals, I would love to start C25K and lifting at some point through the year (I know it won't be in the beginning due to my schedule). I'm sure I will need more exercise once I drop more weight and it becomes harder to lose. "
"My first trip to the gym, I sat in the car a good 5 minutes talking myself out of it. \"You don't belong there. You're too fat. People are going to point and laugh. You'll break the equipment.\" All that and more running through my head. I was literally reaching up to put the car in reverse to leave when a thought hit me. I didn't know a single person in that gym. Not. A. Soul. Why did I care what they thought? If I hated it and it was really that bad, I'd never see them again anyways. If the equipment wouldn't hold me, I didn't have to come back. And if they laughed at someone trying to get fit, they were just assholes and not worth noticing anyways. \n\nThat was in October. I still have moments where I can't get out of the car (or on one occasion, can't bring myself to get INTO the car to go in the first place).  I have my iPod on me every time I go, and buried among the music, I have a simple poetry reading.\n\n\"Do not distress yourself with dark imaginings.\n\nMany fears are born of fatigue and loneliness.\n\nBeyond a wholesome discipline,\n\nbe gentle with yourself.\n\nYou are a child of the universe,\n\nno less than the trees and the stars;\n\nyou have a right to be here.\"\n\n(excerpt from the whole of) Desiderata, by Max Ehrmann. (The reading I have is by Tom Hiddleston, which also helps xD)"
"[deleted]"
"I'm going to lose 50 pounds by july 1! After that if im happy with with where I'm at then I'm going to transition to maintaining my weight loss and making it stick.  As of late my motivation is slipping and I'm hoping putting a time frame on my goal with get my but back into gear.  When I first started My goal was 50 pounds in three months and that seemed to help keep me accountable but for the last two months I've only lost five pounds. Hope every one sticks to their resolutions and has a great 2014!"
"if you are stalling eat more for 1 or 2 days, this will be a refeed day then go back to 1200 cals. for a refeed eat at maintenance or slightly more. i would say 1800-2000 cals. keep the fat and protein macros the same but up the carbs to get the extra calories"
"So by your logic losing weight is all math, until the math doesn't work, then you're a victim. \n\nI have tried changing my amount of food intake and my exercise types and amounts. So thanks a ton for all your help, your snap judgments have had brilliant insight."
"NSV: I've been at the beach for a week and a half and have worn a bikini each day. More of a mental victory than anything, but no one has complained so... "
"I'm not saying *you* should do this, necessarily, but for me, the best thing ever was going cold turkey on sugar and low-carb otherwise. That was BRUTAL the first week or so (seriously, the headaches and cravings were nightmarish), but after that, the cravings went away, and I just didn't want those kinds of treats anymore. It was crazy. "
"Is it the height that bothers you?  Hang on a second while I go readjust my genetics for you.\n\nOr maybe it's discomfort with fat in a subreddit called loseit?  \n\nLulz."
"Well, i attained my 2013 goal of getting from 270 to 220. Some of my leftover 2013 goals will carry forward as i continue my fitness journey:  \n  \n* meet my goal weight of 180 by end of 2014\n* participate in a 5k race\n* indoor row 3000m in a session\n* learn how to perform basic Tai Chi forms  \n  \n  \nLet's rock 2014 everyone :)\n"
"Congrats! 310 is where I am now, how long did it take you?"
"I'm not really a Star Wars nerd but as Yoda says, \"Do or Do Not. There is no Try.\"  Do it. I'll be doing it with you starting tomorrow. Best of luck."
"Ah yes! First semester of medical school was tough on mind AND body. I'm ready to figure out how to get them both back to being healthy this spring. Let's do this!"
"Good attitude, let's rock 2014 together! :)"
"You will not lose a pound or two a week if you eat that much. A pound of fat is 3500 cals. So you'd have to eat ~1500 cals a day to lose ~1 pound a week. (500 x 7 days a week = 3500 cals).\n\nAs for exercise, I can't recommend lifting enough. I really enjoy it. But a good cardio program which is easier to do than lift is Couch to 5k. It will have you running a 5k in 8 weeks, assuming you stick to it. But by far the most important thing is diet. \n\nAlso, drink plenty of water!"
"I'm most definitely a Star Wars nerd so this resonates with me. "
"Hey is this during working out? This happened to me when used to do some burpees during an intense workout and I found drinking more water really helped mitigate it for me but I'm just a guy on the internet "
"Ooh I'm in"
"You've not alone, plenty of us here to keep you company. Yes, those ideas will help but also try to reduce the ale !"
"[deleted]"
"I'm on my way down from 255 and am where you're at now. Taken 2 months or so. Honestly don't be scared of food, just understand it. Track EVERYTHING you eat. Also learn to love exercise. Even if it's heading out for a walk find some music clear your head try reach zen with that shit.\n\nThere's no miracle for it there's no shortcuts without side effects. Just know what you're putting into you body and try get an understanding what you're burning off of your body."
"Not really, it can be anything from waking up in the morning, or after a good long reddit sesh."
"Happy new years! I'm Drunk as shit!"
"If you get up quickly after lying down, it can cause orthostatic hypotension (which essentially means your blood pressure drops due to the sudden change in body position).\n\nIt can be a normal thing (and probably everyone remembers experiencing it at least once - sit up fast and see stars/feel a little dizzy) - if it's happening repeatedly, then there's probably an issue.  You may be anemic or dehydrated, or have naturally low blood pressure to begin with.  Are you on any medications - some have this as a known side effect.\n\nIt's also known to occur in people with anorexia/bulimia, but it doesn't sound like you're starving yourself.\n\nI would have my blood pressure checked (just regularly - not while sitting up suddenly), and see if you're running low.  If it continues to happen, then you should probably see a doctor.  They can do orthostatic blood pressure readings to make sure this is what it is (as opposed to other causes), and could also check things like your blood chemistry and counts to see if you're anemic or dehydrated."
"Others will have more informed advice so will leave that to them, but I will stress that you should be very careful with the exercise, to avoid injury. If you have not run for a long time, walk first and then build up to running and very gradually increase your times. "
"As far as workouts go, the only thing that has gotten it to stick for me was getting with a trainer (semi-private which makes it a little cheaper). It isn't so much the trainer itself, but the appointment. I'll skip workouts all day long, but I will not miss scheduled appointments. After a while the habit will form. It is stupidly expensive though."
"Thank you I will go get my blood pressure as soon as I can."
"Probably? Try? I would say the first thing you need to do is get your mindset right. There is a switch somewhere in your head you need to flip. Once it flips, go full steam ahead. It is easy for it to switch back. I had it switch once, it was great. It flipped back... trying to flip it on again.\n\nThe 10,000 steps and better eating will get things started. Make sure to track everything (which the fitbit should help with some, but not all). When progress starts to slow, or when you feel like you can push yourself to do more, step it up and notch. Don't try to force too much change too soon; it generally backfires."
"You could look at bit happier in your after pic"
"Your math is flawed because you don't count cheat days, do you not understand this?  Garbage input = garbage output."
"Also seem to have lost about 5 pounds of hair.  Good job though!"
"You could probably play in the NFL, all im saying bruv."
"Lmao that totally made me laugh. Thank you though :)"
"Aww thanks :) it means a lot!"
"A big part of making a change is having a plan. A SOLID PLAN. You can't expect results if you don't really know what you plan on doing to achieve them. \n\nIt's easy to get mixed up on the food logging, slow carbing, paleo-ing, exercising, etc. it can get to the point where you start to lose focus on what it is you are to be doing. So you slip into old habits.\n\nI'll tell you my plan:\n\nI wear a Fitbit Force. I take a minimum of 12,000 steps a day and and have 20 \"active\" minutes daily. This is a constant reminder that I need to keep moving and stay active.\n\nLog what I eat on My Fitness Pal, eating my way back to 1,500 calories daily.\n\nThat's about it. \n\nAlso, every day ask yourself... Are you going to borrow from yourself or pay yourself back? \n\nYou can binge and borrow, but you'll have to pay it back. "
"[deleted]"
"Omg.... my new years resolution is going to be losing weight. Mostly my gut so went on Reddit to check out other peoples weight loss ideas I just didn't realize how much of a difference it makes somebody look when losing all that weight. You must feel soooooo good about yourself now. Even more beautiful and you probably feel a lot better and healthier. Nice job\n\nAlso bet your saving a bunch on food costs now ;-)"
"Great job!!!"
"Thanks! I've tried logging before I just need to get into that sort of mindset."
"Unfortunately i'm a bit of a broke college student :("
"I have spoken to a recruiter but we only went over the very basics, pretty much just talking about BMT and 68W Training. I also spoke to an Airforce recruiter about BMET, but I'm leaning more towards 68W as I want to be out in the field. \n\n\n\nAt what point do you think someone can do too much PT? I'm afraid that I'll get going really well for 2-3 weeks and then completely crash due to doing it too much. "
"Don't give up if you have a bad day or week or month. Start over and keep going!!"
"Weight wise I'd like to get to 60kgs (need to lose 15) and maintain it (I lost the weight before). \n\nFitness wise I want to be capable of running at least a half marathon in a reasonable time.\n\nOther resolutions are to overcome my BED and save up enough money for a thigh tuck (I have excess skin already)\n"
"Yeah dude let's see a pic. 30-40 of muscle is a staggering amount."
"[deleted]"
"hahahaha I actually hate smiling in photos! I don't know why. I just feel like it always looks so fake. So usually I end up with the sort of smirk you see"
"Just take it a day at a time man. Dont worry about the long term goal small steps brotha! You can do it!"
"In that case, find a workout buddy. You can keep each other accountable. Find someone who will drag your ass out of bed vs just saying \"ok\" and leaving if you \"don't feel like it\" one day."
"But don't view it as starting over, just view it as keeping going. All the days before the bad day have value and you are still building on them. One day or one meal is only one day or one meal. One day can't undo weeks of work."
"Pick small changes that you can stick to long term. Choose things that are easy at first. For example, each month I'm picking 3 small changes that I can make to my lifestyle that will be easy, and this month it's going to be 1. eat off smaller plates 2. delay seconds at dinner time (I usually go for seconds and then I'm way over stuffed, so if I wait to have seconds until I can register that I'm full, I usually don't even want it) and 3. eat out less frequently. You do not have to give up junk food, you just have to eat less of it.\n\nAs for exercise, do body exercises. Jumping jacks, squats, lunges, pushups, dancing around, anything that gets your body moving. Turn your body into its own gym.\n\nSome people find that chewing gum or brushing their teeth helps with cravings. Sometimes sipping on ice water helps me. Also keep yourself busy so that you don't even have the time or want to eat. This would be the perfect time to pick up a new hobby!\n\nFinally, don't make yourself miserable. The more restrictions you put on yourself and the more you feel like this is all a huge chore, the less likely you are to stick to it."
"I forgot to mention lol I am in a weight lifting class in school. Thanks!"
"[deleted]"
"Cool! Yeah pay close attention to how to do the exercises right. And while you learn c25k will very helpful. And it starts out very slow, so need to start with walking if you don't really want to! just be sure to do the warmup walking and stretch. (also there is an app for it :D )"
"I would should actually up the calories to a minimum of 2000 cals on workout days for effective long term weight loss. I do however prefer low card to start my diet. I've gone from 225 to 175 as a 5'10\" male, so yeah it works. Also don't work out to hard to fast, you will do more damage then good."
"Congrats dude. I went from not being able to lift myself off the ground, and now I can do four chin ups so I'm pretty happy."
"Thank you for the advice! If you don't mind me asking how long did it take you to lose the weight?"
"I google the couch to 5k and it seems like something that would be good for me, someone who does not run....AT ALL...thanks for telling me about the couch to 5k! "
"\"Too many people have been turned off of running simply by trying to start off too fast. Their bodies rebel, and they wind up miserable, wondering why anyone would possibly want to run in the first place.\" Dats me lol"
"Yeah, I lost my virginity to a fat guy. Don't let your weight hold you back from your life!"
"That's the glory of the program. You run for very short periods at first, and work your way up. It's really a great beginners program!\n\nAnd just btw I used to be in your same shoes, and after 10 weeks on c25k I ran my first 5k, so it really works if you put the time and effort in!"
"Thanks man! Much love!&lt;3"
"Hey thanks for the encouragement! I admit, I've been slacking a bit over winter break but I am determined to work extra hard this new year. I have faith in myself, I already lost 55, what's another 35?"
"No problemo! I'm still working on my diet and physique(no one's ever really \"finished\" with fitness, though).\n\nBut I do have some good experience so far. So feel free to message me whenever!"
"Thanks for the help! This diet plan is going to be a life changer hopefully, Changing the ways I eat, exercise, and much more!\n\nWhat do you recommend on eating?"
"Congrats, I experienced the same thing! Totally stopped tracking around Dec 20th and just kinda pigged out for a week. Stepped on the scale today, breathed a sigh of relief because it was the same number. Back to the grind today though, and I'm kinda happy about it. Eating a lot of shitty food was nice, but it also made me realize how shitty I felt afterwards. Much prefer the feeling of better meals."
"A little over 2 months."
"Grilled chicken is pretty good, filling and low cal. It's really upto you, man. As long as you're creating enough caloric deficit and not eating complete junk you'll lose the weight. But you should try to shop around the outside of the grocery store. The more unhealthy, more processed stuff is in the middle aisles. "
"I'm also a poor student and it can make losing weight difficult, especially when exercise classes and trainers are so expensive.\n\nWhat might be more affordable is seeing if your college sports centre/gym have reduced rates for personal training sessions that are done by students in training. My university have that and it's quite affordable and it's not widely advertised. It might not be sustainable long term, but if you buy a few sessions with them, they might be able to get you on a great training plan\n\nIf you don't have access to that, or it's too expensive, I find exercise classes in general can be golden in keeping me accountable. They're expensive, but a lot of places have 'unlimited' deals. One place I have used before have $25/week unlimited classes. It's not cheap, but I made damn sure I did 4-5 classes a week, if not more. A lot of places are cheaper than that too.\n\nIf you're interested in running, invest in zombies,run! or the 5k training version. I always hated running but these apps are amazing.\n\nIf it's your sort of thing, challenges in the fitblr community on tumblr can be helpful in keeping you on track. I just did a yoga one in december and had never done yoga before that. There are all sorts of challenges out there, and you might find one that interests you.\n\nIf you're a fan of tv shows, there are tv show workouts that are much like drinking games e.g: 5 pushups every time House takes a pill etc. There are so many of these online, but you could easily adapt a drinking game or make your own. It's not necessarily motivation, but it can make a few workouts more fun.\n\nWhen you reach a certain milestone, treat yourself by buying something. Make it something you can afford but not something that you need. If you need a new pair of running shoes because the ones you have are falling apart, buy them. Don't wait until you lose 10kg because if you're not comfortable exercising, you'll stop. I've made my treats small things, like a bag for my yoga mat (totally unnecessary but great to have and it was on sale), or a new exercise top. I've found that what works for me is making my rewards things that relate to exercise has made me more motivated to work out. Some suggestions: a new water bottle, cookbook, pedometer/heartrate monitor (for a big milestone) or even a few exercise classes or a single session with a pt. Using things for exercise/healthy living might not work for you. Maybe a new novel or dvd might work. You get the idea, though. \n\nAs for food, I treat food as fuel. I have the same thing for most meals: grilled chicken or steak with salad. The salad is always the same and I never use dressing. It's boring, but it does the job. \n\nAnother thing to do with food that helps me is planning my menu. If I plan my menu for the entire week, I get really excited about it and that tends to help me and I'm less likely to skip meals. It might not work for you, but it helps me.\n\nI can't think of anything else; I'm generally pretty bad when it comes to motivation. It takes a long time for my body to show progress, so I'm treating exercise as something that I have to do, much like laundry. I get it over and done with early in the morning and it's done. I've found the scales to be rubbish and have stopped using them, instead tracking progress through how I feel, how I look, measurements and how my clothes fit. "
"Congratulations and good luck! keep loseit posted. "
"Hey 15 year old girl here too;)  I'm 150 pounds (down from about 168) and 5'6.  I'm in a similar situation too with all of the junk foods in the house, although luckily we also do have a lot of healthy options.  You will get there! We can do this together! For me to begin with I totally cleaned up my diet and cut out a lot of  junk food(my weakness is Nutella but it's ok you don't have to cut out junk food! I have just learned to incorporate it)  and started tracking my calories, now I keep them around 1350. Find out your BMR to find a good daily calorie goal.  I find plain popped popcorn is filling and pretty low calorie (make sure it's not full of butter and salt).Now I have incorporated exercise 3x a week. Maybe try and join a school sport, it's really fun to do with friends and great exercise:)  always keep going and if you mess up don't give up. I find it helps to think about how I want to look in a few months and in my senior class pictures.  If you want to talk about some weight stuff as a teen feel free to pm me! I just opened a thread for teens in /r/loseit so check it out;) there are many other teens like us on this journey :) keep it up girl! "
"Completely possible but if you stop exercising and counting cals after you lose the 5 you will gain it all back. If you're new to exercising do not just start doing it 6 days a week, it will hurt and you will most likely give up with a goal like that. What is going to be your calorie limit? "
"I think you're ok with your plan. I went from 250 to 155lb and im 5'10.  Took me about a year and its been off for almost 3 years now. I was only consuming at most 1k calories a day for the first 9 to 10 months and then moved up to about 1500 a day. we have stored and excess fat its just going to depend on how fast you want results. maintaining weightloss has to do with changing your mentality and your lifestyle, forever.  from 155 i have had to push myself to bulk up to 170 because i felt weak at 155. this is my before and now http://i.imgur.com/aQBr4cg.png"
"Weigh something specific like a gallon of milk or a dumbell to see if yours is off."
"The challenge looks great! I sent an email about joining!"
"I was an Arabic linguist for 5 years with the U.S. Army, so between the two services it's pretty obvious which one I'm for.\n\nAs for doing 'too much' PT, that is a loaded question.  I can see two types of crash you might face.  If you are pushing yourself too hard, it's possible to injure yourself.  That's why it is helpful to have some input from others, at a local gym if that's an option or with a group of other potential recruits.  Still, if you're young and healthy and don't do anything too crazy, you'll be fine.  In basic training, you will be doing an official hour or so of PT every day, six days a week, plus periodic breaks for additional PT throughout the day.  Practically, it's easily closer to 2-3 hours a day.  So one hour a day, five days a week isn't that bad.\n\nThe other crash you might face is a motivation crash.  Week 4, day 1, time to get up at 4:30 and run 5 miles but it's cooold outside and kind of misty and you still have 6 weeks before you have to go.  One day sleeping in turns into two turns into two months gone and you're back at square one.  That's also a possibility, and having your recruiter and some of your friends waiting at a nearby track helps a bit.  What you have to realize (and that was the same head change I needed for losing weight) is that getting into, and staying in shape is your job (literally, part of the job description if you enlist).  Just like brushing your teeth, taking your vitamins, etc.\n\nDon't worry about overdoing it, or not doing enough.  Just do what you can.  If you're totally out of shape, try C25K, and the 100 pushup challenge (I would suggest alternating pushup and situp sets to make your own Pushup Situp challenge).  That's 9 weeks of running, and 6 weeks of pushups and situps, right out of the box.  Start tomorrow, 1 January 2014.  By March 1st you'll be glad you did, and still have 6 months to get better, stronger, and slimmer.\n\np.s. it's been 12 years since I was about to ship out, but feel free to PM me as you prepare if you have questions I can help with."
"That is an excellent idea, I will try that when I get the chance"
"Since I know I have to be consistent with my workout to see any results, I usually end up having this sort of conversation with myself on a daily basis: Oh your tired? F--K you! Oh you dont have time today? F--K you!  Oh you been working out consistently and you need a break? F--K You! Oh youre hungry and just wanna eat and relax? F--K you! GET UP! There are children who are really starving. There are people that would kill to be able to workout like you do, move like you do, use their body parts like you do, you privileged little shit. Now get up and go get it done. \n"
"Great transformation man, keep it up. "
"Wow, huge change. Thank you! I think I can do it. I've wanted to drop this weight for a while. "
"Haaaa me too! I'm better off not faking it for the camera too. I would scare small children with this face"
"Those sound like very aggressive goals, and would likely have you losing weight very quickly.  Resting energy expenditure per day is around 2600 for your height/weight.  The exercise you described would raise that another 500 at least, assuming it took you ~1.5 hours a day. That leaves you with a 1600-1900 calorie/day deficit, or losing ~0.5 lbs/day in the long run.  \n\nIf you have to prioritize things, I'd suggest that diet is the primary goal, weight lifting is secondary, and cardio/swimming as tertiary. The reasons for this prioritization:\n\n1.  A large intake + all the exercise your body can handle is not going to lose you weight.  Managing intake is therefore the first necessity when trying to lose weight.  I'd even argue it's the only necessity when trying to go from obese to healthy weights.  \n2.  When losing fat mass through producing a caloric deficit, weight lifting can help you ensure that you're not losing too much muscle mass at the same time.  You may even get a bit stronger by doing so.  \n3.  Cardio will help you produce larger deficits and may help your cardiovascular health, but if you're anything like I was at 260, vigorous exercise for prolonged periods is much more difficult to maintain than not eating as much and weight lifting.  Once I lost a decent amount, cardio became a lot more fun for me.  \n\nLet's just say you did the intake control only at first.  That'd likely be very sustainable, and have you at a 1100-1400 caloric deficit.  That's losing ~0.36 lbs/day, which is still clipping right along. Developing decent eating habits is a project in itself, requiring research, planning, and good execution.  "
"Sustainability is key to success. In my opinion, this seems too extreme. And you can't sustain energy working out 3x daily at 1500 calories. Ask yourself if you can maintain these habits for the rest of your life, because if you can't, then things will just go back to how they were eventually."
"[deleted]"
"If i was to hold off on the cardio, and control diet and lifting, how often should I lift to lose a good amount of weight?"
"First, nice job starting! When I first started c25k I couldn't run 30 seconds comfortably. I  did day one twice and have done most days more than once. I figured that in order to enjoy running, I wanted to get proficient at one step before moving to the next. \n\nI also run on a treadmill. I noticed that the app wants you to run about 3 miles in 30 minutes, so I started running at a 6.0 pace (which is a 10 minute mile). After a month and a half or practice, I can run a 9:54 mile without walking. However, most people will say that you shouldn't try to be fast in the beginning, as you don't want to cause your body injury.  Just do your best.\n\nAlso, be prepared for good, awesome, I feel like I'm flying runs as well as horrible, terrible, I hate every second of this type runs. Be proud when you make it through and be proud even when you don't- every run builds endurance.\n\nFind out what time of the day is best for your body. For me, I run best in the morning, so I try to make time for it then.  Oh! And music! Music gets me through every run. Find songs you feel motivated by and run like the wind!\n\nHope this helps! You'll do awesome!!"
"What do you suggest I drop/add?"
"Thank you for this great advice! I think waiting to have seconds is a great idea since I always do that too- eat more and wind up stuffed. Unfortunately my mom is an awesome cook, so sometimes I eat more even when I'm full. Although she was very accommodating 2 years ago when I became a vegetarian so maybe she'd let me help cook dinner and find some more healthy options. Good luck with your goals!"
"I would just say be flexible. I'm not saying you shouldn't work out that much. If it works for you, by all means, go for it. But if it doesn't work out, scale things back and don't give up on yourself. And if you need to eat back some calories from exercise, do so. I eat around 1200 if I don't exercise, but when I do work out, I usually eat most of it back, and I'm still seeing great results. In the end, it's all about what works for you. Best of luck!"
"A doctors scale will be more accurate just because the balance type of scale is a more accurate measurement. Electronic scales have a couple pound margin of error even before accounting for water weight, etc. Trends are really what are more important though, so if the number is going down over time, you're good :)"
"The bigger you is a mirror image of myself. We could be twins separated at birth. The skinnier you is giving me a shit load of motivation. "
"Oh god Nutella... Huge weakness of mine as well and 2 tablespoons is like 200 calories! I downloaded MyFitnessPal again and it said I should have about 1,200 calories a day so I'm going to try and stick with that. Popcorn is a good idea, we have the unsalted healthy stuff with not too many calories. We keep our school snacks in boxes in the cupboard so maybe I could have my own box of healthy snacks and then just not even look in the other box.\n\n\nWhat you said about Senior Pictures was one of the main reasons I feel really motivated this time. My cousin sent out her Senior pics and although she has a beautiful face, she is kind of chubby and I don't want that to be me! I was also looking at photos of me and my friends (who are all super skinny!) and realized I don't want to be the \"chubby\" friend anymore. Knowing that other people my age are working through the same stuff (and succeeding, way to go you!) is really encouraging. Thank you!"
"[deleted]"
"It is orthostatic hypotension. Basically low blood pressure when standing up causes the dizziness/blacking of vision. I have had it happen before losing weight, but it does seem to be more frequent now that I'm restricting calories. If it is worrying you though, definitely have a doctor check it out."
"You don't have a 6 pack starting to form at 19% BF"
"Great job man. Looking great "
"Drink more water, monitor your blood pressure. Your sodium intake might be low so you're not retaining water. I have dysautonomia and this is a big problem for me that has been solved by taking salt pills and copious amount of water."
"you rock."
"Congratulations man! Sounds like you had a pretty rough year but were still able to achieve your goals and now getting back into great shape.Good for you! "
"You look fantastic! Congrats!"
"I absolutely count cheat days, I count EVERY DAY, all of it, or else what would be the point? Based on the math and the numbers and your logic I should STILL be losing more weight than I do, even with my cheat days. "
"I know how you feel, I have the same issue. I go to different specialists and all of their scales are drastically different. One place I'm 205, another I'm 190. Frustrating, but I always take my weight at my home scale first thing in the morning - after I have used the restroom and before I have put anything in my body. As long as you use the same scale at the same time of day, you'll have a pretty accurate change in your weight."
"Yah, i have been trying to cut out salt, maybe I should start adding more."
"I will be starting tomorrow, as well as adjusting my sleep schedule, Right now it's pretty much whenever I feel like sleeping/waking up. I'm waking up at 6AM (3 hours from now) and keeping it that way. I'll be damned if I'm the one who keeps me from 68W"
"Thanks! You have to take the bad with the good. "
"And after losing 100 lbs, that's impressive."
"[deleted]"
"Welcome aboard!"
"Thanks so much! I definitely will. 30 days till the next weigh in and measure!"
"You guys always have the best way to make me feel like shit and want to go work out even if I'm drop dead tired"
"Okay man thanks!! If I got any questions(I'm sure I will) I will PM you!"
"You can do it for sure.  if I did, believe me anyone can. "
"Thank you so much. Your post is inspiring. Tomorrow I plan on cleaning out my basement area fur a place to work out and I'm going to get Shaun t's insanity (he actually spoke at my graduation as alumni of the year at Rowan university) and work out to that. Thanks everyone for your tips and tricks."
"I do what you do, take my weight in the morning before I've done anything and don't touch it for the rest of the day. I guess the thing that confused me the most was how my scale said 205 while the doctors scale said 212 and 207 at the same weight"
"I think you may have it backwards, the doctors scale is electronic and mine is \"balance\" I guess. But I get what you're saying. I'm not too deterred by this, if anything a higher weight motivates me to push harder. I'm just a big numbers guy, all about as accurate as possible stats and what not"
"[deleted]"
"[deleted]"
"[deleted]"
"I would love to be your fitness pall friend. I log in everyday and i can help with advice and support. Will add you in a sec"
"Yes, you can. /r/keto"
"In the first picture you look a lot like Nick Frost"
"I reckon it shouldn't be that bad. Switch to green tea. Still has caffeine but it helps with weight loss. Everything is as hard as you make it. \nSo if you transform caffeine in a monster in tour head it will be tough but if you just watch it as a optimistic change you should be all good"
"[deleted]"
"Wow!\n\nCongratulations you look absolutely fantastic, would totally hit on you if I saw you at a party..."
"I know 200 calories is a lot and it takes a lot of self control to only eat two table spoons! Haha! Thanks I'm making slow progress but any progress in the right direction is great!Keep it up you will succeed! I too have skinny friends  and it also helps motivate me, I too don't like to be the chubby funny girl anymore. I don't want to be the pretty but \"chubby\" girl in my senior pics either!  Keep up the good vibes! We got this!  We can share our progress later and see how we are doing! All it takes it motivation, encouragement(especially from inspiring teens like you), and positive vibes.  Feel free Pm me anytime if you have any questions or comments or progress goals that you want to brag about ;) "
"Any advice on what do when I'm at school or away from the computer? Should I write down what I have eaten?"
"[deleted]"
"Eat 5 small meals a day. Drink loads of water. Never use the lift. Completely cut out sugars. Keep your body moving, even when you are sitting down - shake a leg, twist your neck, maybe even pull some weights with one hand while you are browsing with the other. "
"Okay, thanks for the advice. I appreciate it."
"That is so awesome for you! I can't wait until I'm the same size as I was in high school, let alone middle school! It sounds as though you probably developed healthy habits during your year of weightloss that you just haven't noticed yet (hence you losing weight when you thought you were going to gain weight.) At the very least, you have probably become more aware of how to do the \"right\" things for your body. Whether you are planning on losing more or maintaining and building muscle mass, I wish you the best of luck."
"http://www.health.harvard.edu/newsletters/Harvard_Heart_Letter/2009/August/When-the-lights-suddenly-go-out\n\nProbably sounds like you should see a doctor. This kind if goes over what I'm think \n"
"Created an account just to post a comment here.  Great work, very inspirational.  You are proof that anyone can do it as long as they are motivated to do so! Thanks for posting!  I see you posted your daily calorie requirements-- if I may ask-- how did  you come to that number?  Also, did you also count your macro-nutrients (Protein, carbs, fat) or was your focus purely on calorie deficit? If you did track your macros- what were they (eg. 40% Protein, 40% carbs, 20% Fat)?  Thanks so much for posting!!!"
"Sure 27, f and a lot to lose over here - I'm txteva on there too"
"My favorite method of choice is the [Seinfeld method](http://lifehacker.com/5886128/how-seinfelds-productivity-secret-fixed-my-procrastination-problem). Jerry's lifehack is one of the most useful I've found in getting ANYTHING done. All it involves is a calender and a marker. \n\nYou don't have to go as in depth as the link above. All it really states is that you decide you want to get better at something (goal), and then every day you HAVE to do something about that goal. Whether or not it's an hour of work a day, or just a minute. The point is that you do it. Spend every day doing just a little bit of something, and the changes will develop over time. The problem with weight loss is that visually you don't see a whole lot of change quickly, much like other goals. You mark a big X over the day where you spend SOME time doing your goal. Every day you mark an X until your calendar looks like a big chain fence. Seinfeld expresses \"Don't break the chain!\" as the key to success. I found it kept me on track, and it was **extremely** rewarding seeing a whole X'd out month, and then two. After a few months, I broke the chain once. Then I got back on it for a few weeks, and it broke down again, and then again. \n\n**DON'T BREAK THE CHAIN!!!**"
"Im badatgyu :) "
"Nothings wrong with it but you will quit"
"Drink plenty of water and plan to get some extra sleep during the first 3-7 days. You'll be groggy and grumpy as well as the headache. I've sadly found that OTC pain killers do nothing for the withdrawal headache. Good luck! "
"Thanks! It's always a little bittersweet to have to interact with him like that. But it hurt even more when he'd always be able to tell who I was because I had the thickest legs and arms! So maybe my goal ought to be to continue fooling him, haha. \n\nMy gym trainer took my measurements when I first started exercising, so hopefully I can ask for the deets later on when I want to compare myself. Right now I'm just trying to build up a habit as opposed to focus on results. "
"Incoming wall of text - and none if it is meant to sound mean so I apologize in advance if it comes across that way. \n\nTL;DR: There is no 'try'. I've tried. You've tried, I'm sure, in the past. You have to be at rock bottom (for you), where there's only one way left and that's up. Otherwise, it will be a damn hard climb. \n\nI'll echo what the others have said: you either do it, or you don't. Trying will just get you back to this same spot again next year; trust me, I know and I'm sure you know, too. \n\nI also know that many of us have to hit rock bottom and for each of us, that level is different. I thought for sure, 262 would be the highest weight I ever was and yet here I am now pushing 285 after a heavy meal. I kept thinking 'x' weight was too much but now that I'm suffering physical issues (such as feeling like I'm being choked because of my chin, being unable to find a comfortable position to sleep in because my boobs try to murder me in my sleep if I lay on my back but if I lay on my left side the lung I had pneumonia in 3 years ago makes me crackle and wheeze so I can't sleep, so I lay on my right but now I have a sore back from not being able to roll around, I have a damn ROLL on the inside of my right knee - a roll!..I can grab it and squeeze it.. wtf. I also can't seem to extend that leg as much as I used to, realizing that I have tons of clothes but only 2 pairs of pants that fit and all my shirts are getting to the 'inappropriately tight stage or have surpassed it and buying clothes to fit me is expensive, etc.) I think I've really hit rock bottom. Everything has gotten more difficult to do - even more so than when I was 250-260. I felt pretty good at 250, I even thought I looked kind of attractive with a bit of make up on and the right clothes. The past 1-1/2 years? I have taken maybe ONE picture of myself and let myself be involved in just a handful of others, usually behind everyone else. \n\nThe closer I get to 300, the more and more scared I get. This is my rock bottom.\n\nIs this yours? Is this the place from which you can go no lower? Is it completely, totally, 100% unacceptable for you to be one, three, five pounds heavier? If the answer to that is 'no', then this isn't rock bottom and all you're doing is 'trying' with \"it's ok..I -REALLY- will worry when I hit x weight\" in the back of your head. \n\nLosing 154 pounds in 12 months is about 13 pounds a month. Not impossible but not easy, either. Since this is my millionth time with this NY's resolution (and my last, damnit), I can say this: start small. I used to say \"100 pounds in a year, wooo!\" but it's easier to say it than to accomplish it and when I didn't, or when I wasn't losing 2 pounds a week, I'd get discouraged and give up. So, start small. \n\nWork on getting to 10,000 steps a day. \nThen work on adding more veggies into your diet while you're still walking 10,000 steps. \nWhen you've mastered those, cut back the ale OR increase your exercise. \n\nSmall, baby steps. We learn to crawl before we walk and this is basically what we're doing now. We're crawling our way back to our healthy selves. If we stand up to run before getting the basic movements down first, we'll fall flat on our faces.\n\nLastly, I'm starting January 1st as well - if you want a buddy, give me a PM.. I'd love to have someone to go through this with and keep each other motivated. :) Plus, a little friendly competition never hurt, right?"
"Well, hopefully every kind of eating disorder! I personally have Bulimia, but I'd like to think that I could help everyone. Emphasis more on food than exercise, but I'm going to be doing plenty of exercise too! I want it to be about self worth and losing weight without hating your body. PM me if I missed anything :) Thank you"
"I'm peachee, but with an underscore on each side, which Reddit seems not to let me do :( Anyone is free to add me! =)"
"Dude you look great. Good man! "
"My 2014 goal is to get from 280ish to 230ish, with my final goal being under 200 pounds by July 2015. \n\nNon-weight goals: work hard with my university prep courses and pass the Math courses with a B average. "
"Theoretically, just eating less will let you lose weight. You should have success at the start since you have a fair amount to lose. Drink loads of water. Aim for 3L.\n\nCheck out /r/keto and/or /r/paleo if you so desire (I don't think paleo is historically/scientifically sound but it is a mite better than the SAD since its cutting out processed crap and I haven't looked to closely at it to be honest).\n\nI recommend keto because I find I am less hungry and more energetic when I'm off carbs. Personally, I'm diabetic so I have some carb sensitivity that you might not have and maybe regular low cal will work for you. However, I think most people on keto report more satisfaction with their meals and less hunger and cravings than those who just limit calories. If you decide to try keto, DRINK LOADS OF WATER (aim for 4L min) and EAT YOUR DAMN VEGGIES (or else constipation hell).\n\nAs for not buying your own food; you're almost 17: take some control. Go shopping with whoever gets your food. I find it hard to believe your provider is going to deny you fresh vegatables, fruit (if paleo) and meat (not like you're sneaking fruit roll-ups and cocoa puffs into the card). These diets are all *real* food.Check out /r/keto and/or /r/paleo if you so desire (I don't think paleo is historically/scientifically sound but it is a mite better than the SAD). They might say no to 1000lbs of bacon and steak, but chicken thighs and ground meats are cheap by comparison to leaner cuts and easy to prepare. I find this diet is rather affordable if you actually cook your own food and don't live in Nunavut or somewhere fresh veg is hard to get.\n\nGet some eggs (I like to have some hard boiled and ready to eat in the fridge), cheese, nuts and cold cuts for snacking too.\n\nAs soon as you can, get moving. Even if its just walking in circles for 30min a few times a week it should help. Ramp it up as you start to feel better.\n\nGood luck!"
"Thank you, I found that really informative. I guess I am lucky in that I know how to cook (I just had a 2 egg omelet and 1 fried egg for breakfast with a glass of milk). Ill definitely go with my dad the next time he goes shopping, or I will at least write down a list of foods for him to get. Also, this may seem childish but is there a way of getting past not liking certain foods or should I just suck it up and eat whatever is good for me? Final question, when you say 4L of water, do you mean daily or weekly?"
"GO FOR IT"
"You can definitely do this. I was very similar stats/age wise 2 years ago, and I dropped 100lbs in about a year, having been massively overweight most of my life. This past year there have been a bunch of life dramas but I've managed to maintain the loss, which I am delighted with. Just take one day at a time - clean up your diet, check your portion sizes (this made a big difference for me), allow yourself treats and don't freak out if you trip up from time to time. Just pick yourself up and keep going! I found just eating healthier, with lots of veggies, plenty of protein and reduced (but still regular) intake of carbs worked for me. I also have regular small treats (like 2 squares of dark chocolate in the evening after dinner) instead of a weekly \"cheat meal\" because I found that works better for me, but again, do what works for YOU. Drink lots of water (herbal teas are also great!). Add in exercise because although the food really is the key, exercise makes you feel great and, at least for me, really helps keep me on track with my food, less cravings etc. \n\nYou can do this, and you will feel so SO much better, even after the first 10lbs. Just keep going and don't look back (except to say \"fuck that, I am never going back to that!\") - good luck! And happy new year! :) "
"Wow, you lost 50lbs in two months?"
"Aww you're so cute!! And you look so much more comfortable in your own skin. Good job, man!"
"Sounds horrible familiar. I wish I could help you but unfortunately I need how to overcome this kind of disordered eating behaviour as well. The cycle of binging, starving and self-hatred is exhausting and I hate myself and my body more every day. "
"[deleted]"
"Thanks for the laugh. And thanks for the compliment!"
"The first step is all mental bro. You gotta say \"I gotta change!\". I waited for sickness to enter my household and by then it was too late."
"Thank you for the advice.\nYeah, I'm actually going to see how little alcohol I can consume in general this year; since it's become a bit of a problem, namely that I can't really afford to drink as much as I do.\n\nI actually walked over 10k steps today. maybe around 12-13k\nI'd love to have a bit of friendly competition, since I'm pretty competitive and I know that would be the best way for me to do well."
"[deleted]"
"It's always nice when old things \"come back alive\" It's like unlocking an old piece of yourself "
"That's a really good idea, thanks! One question: when you meal plan do you plan for all of your calories, or give yourself some wiggle room by not planning for a couple of hundred?\n\nEdit: I just realized that you mentioned having leftover calories for snacks. Thanks! "
"Hey man awesome job\nCould u give tips on dieting?"
"[deleted]"
"You look so familiar but i've never met you.. have you posted a pic on reddit before? and for the weightloss what exercise did you do? and what food did you decrease of? and what did you cancel out fully?"
"I definitely get the dinner time regret, and I can usually spot one thing that I've eaten which has made all of the difference and I probably didn't need to eat."
"Hi, looks like a good plan. You want to track calories as much as possible though. By cutting out carbs you will certainly cut calories. You can track them in your head or use a website or app. You probably want to be around 1500-2000 over 24 hours depending on your exercise.\n\nFor exercise, you should do as much walking/running/biking as possible. About an hour of walking. Can burn up to 600 calories a day.  Do you have a decent gym around you? Highly recommend that, being around people with the same frame of mind will do a lot for you. You can lift very light on weight machines to get started. You'll burn calories and gain muscles too. For your core, sit ups, push ups and pull ups. Watch and do YouTube vids to help possibly.\n\n\nDo you drink beer? Cut it all out\n\nDrink lots of water too. Force yourself to.\n\nYou can do this!\n"
"Lol, that fortune cookie was such a generic statement, but I'm glad it's lit a fire under you :-) \n\nIt's important not to get caught up with number too much, though: fast weight loss will almost inevitably lead to failure (95% of the time, to be blunt)\n\nYou have to change the way you live, and the way you think about food and exercise. The former is a source of energy, not a drug to get high off of :-) . Exercise however, CAN be a very health \"drug\" that clears your mind and balances your mood. Don't treat it like \"work\""
"There are some smart phone apps that will use your phones's GPS to track biking mileage, route and speeds (mile times). I use Endomondo. You can then go to the web site to see your totals, progress, etc. I find it motivating. I have lost over thirty pounds over the last year and a half primarily from bicycling. "
"You need to see someone and see what the root of the issues are. \n\nFor me I had deep down depression and sadness and until I realized why and faced it I couldn't move forward in my life in a healthy way. \n\nFood is in such over abundance in the world today. You need to realize that your body only needs a certain amount of fuel/calories for survival. \n\nThis is my blog: www.eatlessworkoutmore.tumblr.com feel free to read my story and ask any questions"
"i'm much the same myself. i starved myself for years, binging in secret and told myself it was okay because i was \"listening to my body and eating when hungry\". now weight loss the \"right\" way doesn't work the way it should because my metabolism is all screwed up.\nI wish I could help from the bottom of my heart. Good luck finding a way to make it work"
"Friends love you for who you are, not what they may wish you to be. Sounds like an emotional leech to me. I would 'recommend staying connected with the community here instead: you might find another local who actually does care about your health and well being, and not just for their self satisfaction "
"I'd say that's too large of a goal. How many years did it take you to gain that weight? Divide it by two and you have a better goal for the whole year. That level of weight loss fits better in a 2 year scale. Remember: you want this to be for life, not just seasonally. Act accordingly "
"I read catabolic as catholic. Was confused. "
"I'm making small goals everywhere: bike 60 miles a week, eat under 100 carbs per day, lose 1.4 or so pounds a week (in order to be at a healthy weight by midsummer)"
"[deleted]"
"Your last paragraph...that's what it's all about. Well done!!!"
"I'm 15 and my goal for the end of 2014 is to go from 205 lbs to 176 lbs basically lose\n29 lbs as a start maybe mid 2014 if I can, i've been a lurker on this subreddit and I've seen enough to actually start losing weight, any advice from redditors who have lost weight?"
"Well you'll retain water temporarily (and it can feel good having your blood pressure go up really high...as a beef jerky lover I know!), but that's about it. I'd be mire concerned at getting no nutrition (fat and protein, for instance :-P )"
"Waking/running is pretty limited for me, due to dyspraxia and fatigue,  biking is doable though.\n\nThere's not a gym within an hour of me, so that's pretty much out of the running (yay living in the middle of nowhere)\n\nGood point on the beer too, I need to cut down a lot, but I'm cursed with the love of homebrew, so I'll have to bottle it, rather than drink it.\n"
"If cutting the crap/ elimination of \"problem\" foods from your diet is part of the plan, I suggest targeting a specific item one at a time - keep track of what it is, what you are feeling and what is going on around you when you want to eat that, what time it is. Try to find a healthy substitute for that food. Going cold turkey can be impossible with junk food and comfort foods so elimination of one bad food a week might be more realistic."
"Commonly, the metric **Weight Suppression** is computed:\n\n     Weight Suppression (WS) =   maximum weight - current weight \n\nDon't dismiss the 25 pounds you lost when you actively took control of managing your weight.   It **is** a valid achievement, and you should get credit for it -- if only to remind yourself that the mechanics of it aren't beyond you and the rest of the challenge remains 'getting over our own hang-ups'.\n\n"
"As always, anyone feel free to add: ErikPaulC"
"You can do this! Make some little mini goals to keep you motivated, it's a marathon not a race. I also have found it more motivating to download interesting podcasts or audiobooks to listen to at the gym (and not let myself listen to them otherwise). Water is your best friend. Oh and make sure to take all your measurements now, as well as your starting weight. \n\nI have issues with blood sugar (reactive hypoglycaemia) and I swear by lowcarb diets (eg. keto) for keeping it under control. Also a great diet for weightloss, though it doesn't suit everyone. If you're interested, check out /r/keto. \n\nGood luck, you have everything in your power to be the person you want to be. "
"Ah ok, well yeah do the best you can do with biking then. A basic set of dumbbells and weight bench can go a long too.\n\nAs far as beer goes there can be upwards of 250 calories in one, so a little sacrifice may be in order if you want to reach your goals.\n\nGood luck and congrats on your future marriage"
"Haha I am glad I could make you laugh! Happy new Year!"
"Well done! You lol awesome"
"That was pretty much my thought process in the car. I don't know these people so why should I care what they think of me? I also forgot my iPod headphones the first time (d'oh!) so that added a bit more anxiety. Thanks for the support and tips. I'm relieved to know I'm not the only one who struggles. "
"I've gained 60kg in about 3 years. "
"While you are concerned with weight loss, you may also want to work in some king of weightlifting regiment. I started at ~320, 6'1\", using MFP on the 2 pounds per week setting. I'm starting to wish I'd stuck to something more gradual like 1 pound per week and some lifting to avoid lose skin, and just get stronger."
"That is AWESOME. "
"Measurements are so important, I have a watch that when I first got it was a little loose, but it was okay, 2 stone down and it was too loose so took out a section, and extra few stone lost and another section gone, fits more or less the same as when I first got it. \n\nCongrats, it's things like this that are nice."
"Michay :)"
"WOW that is amazing. Great Job. very Inspiring."
"NSV: When I was serving a customer at the ice-cream shop I work at, he said \"It's a surprise you're not 100kg heavier\". I knew I could take it as a compliment in the obvious assumption that I don't gorge myself on the product. I don't think he would have said that to me when I was heavier, and if he had I would have taken it as an insult. Now I'm not obese anymore and I was pleased!"
"Gingers_havesouls"
"Aymalah "
"What types of food don't you like? Now may be a good time to expand your cooking knowledge to prepare good food in a way that is both tasty and healthy. "
"Surely 900 calories is really too low... I think 1200 would probably be too low for a guy. I'd say work out your TDEE (there are lots of calculators on Google) and eat 80% of that. And for calorie counting, just look at the packets, they all have calories on (at least, they do in the UK). I use MyFitnessPal, but don't use any of the calories on the MFP database. Just look at the packets. \n\nGood luck!"
"NSV: Updated my flair to 30lbs lost :D (finally!)"
"Sorry by the time I got to this the it says pictures removed. Still willing to help if you're interested. "
"I'm not entirely sure but I doubt that will happen if you are eating properly. "
"I read the second line and realised I know you. Hello!"
"Biffcollins"
"I'm in the same boat!  My entire family has diabetes and I'd rather not get it until I'm an old man!  I'm pretty certain i'm in a pre-diabetic state at the moment and it scares the jeebus out of me!!  "
"brad_lay"
"I believe a lot of that depends on your weight &amp; age. I could be wrong about it though, and if you have a lot to lose it's sort of a moot point, you need to do what you can, preferably within your target heartrate for a minimum of 30 minutes daily. "
"Hello!"
"If you absolutely hate it, don't eat it. If it's something you don't enjoy a lot but want to learn to like it, you can slowly incorporate it into your diet. I absolutely hate bananas, I will not eat them in any form or in anything (including smoothies). So.... I don't eat them at all, nutrition be damned. I don't like kale much at all, but I throw a handful into the juicer every night, turns the juice funny colors but you can't taste it. I got a bag of \"baby\" kale that I mix into spinach (cooked and raw). I still don't love it, but it's no longer gross to eat. \n\nFor keto he means 4L per day.In general, you should aim for around .5 oz per lb of bodyweight daily. If you're 400lbs, that's 200oz. It seems like a lot but you *can* count any unprocessed, unsweetened liquid in this. Watermelon counts, Coke does not. It's about hydration not hitting specific numbers really. You have to do what works *FOR YOU*. I'm supposed to drink around 150oz per day, I get that through plain water, fresh juice (half and half veg to fruit, and it's homemade not prepackaged and full of HFCS), broths and watery fruits and veggies like watermelon and cucumbers. It sounds like a lot but when you break it down, it's really not!"
"If you were weighed at a different time of day @ the doctor, that could be why. I generally weigh more at midday than any other time, and my weight can vary by as much as 5-6lbs from morning to night. If you're using your home scale at the same time daily and in the same condition every time (i.e. same clothes, nothing to eat, etc) then trust that. "
"haha, yep. I'm slowing down now to maintain muscle. But anything is possible when you motivate yourself. "
"You can lose weight eating them but you're going to feel very hungry doing it. There's very little bulk to them and tons of salt besides. I eat one of those and I'm starving an hour or two later. You're far better off cooking and freezing your own meals when you have the time. It's as simple as making a pot of soup and freezing it. The more you keep it real and fresh, the more you can eat for the same calories. Frozen food  diet meals are convenient but they're not very filling nor particularly good for you. If I am pressed for time I stick with homemade soup. I just make a big pot on the weekend and freeze it in containers. It fills me up and it doesn't have tons of salt to blow me up. I basically make my own TV dinners actually out of leftovers. Whenever I do cook I just make a bit extra and freeze that. The more containers of good food I have in my fridge the less junk I end up eating and it doesn't take any more time to nuke one of my containers than it does one of those. It's far less expensive too. "
"Oh, one thing I'll put here, because otherwise I'll forget to mention it - get the MyFitnessPal app and use it RELIGIOUSLY.  You can even put in your own recipes so you'll be able to see exactly how much you're actually putting into yourself (as I know you cook most of your own meals from scratch)."
"Saraishungry"
"I know the generally consensus here is that they aren't too great health wise. That's decently true because of the sodium. But can they help with weight loss? Absolutely. I lost about 30 pounds because of those things. I would have one for dinner every night with a butt load of veggies and feel super full. That being said I always drank tons of water during the day and while I ate them to counter the sodium. \nIn the long run you shouldn't rely on frozen dinner for food entirely, it's important to know how to make your own healthy food so that you can sustain your weight loss. But I do think they help when you're just beginning. "
"[deleted]"
"First off I'd say go see a therapist. ED's don't go away but they can give you the tools to handle them and keep yourself on track.\n\nFor the actual weight loss. I'm sure you've figured out that you can't do too drastic without setting yourself up for failure. The key for me was to start small. I mean *very* small. I replaced one soda a day with a glass of water. Second day I replaced 2. If I felt sick or wanted to stop, I stayed where I was without changing anything for a day or two. \n\nGenerally 1200 calories is probably too little for you. Depending on your weight, you may need to eat more than that to begin with. Again with myself as the example, I generally eat around 1.7k calories per day. I *should* be closer to 2200 but eating that much makes me bloated and unhappy, while at 1700 I feel satisfied and can be sure I'm getting enough nutrients to get through a normal day. Days I do more, I eat a little more, but I don't go over the 2200 limit. If it won't set off an ED, start tracking what you eat. You don't have to count every single calorie if that is going to trigger, but if you can at least get a good idea of how much you're actually eating, it will make it easier to know where to cut back. \n\nYou don't really say if you live with parents or alone, but if you can start making meals at home rather than fast food, it'd be a lot healthier. Try to incorporate more fruit and veggies and whole grains into your diet, and start reducing how much processed foods, fast foods, etc you're eating. Set small goals, having a big endgoal is fine, but you want little stops along the way as well. I have different things for every 5lb/10lb loss, but they're mostly tiny. Every 5lbs I'm allowed a \"cheat\" day (but I still have to stay within 2200 calories) and every 10lbs is something a bit different, a new shirt, a new game, a new app, etc. I also have things for much larger goals, 50lbs, 100lbs but I try not to focus on them because every 1lb loss is just a drop in the bucket for that.\n\nYou can do this, and you can do it without resorting to unsafe measures. It will take time but you can do it! "
"I had one yesterday for lunch and was still hungry after :(. My advice is to prepare meals in bulk, that way you get the convenience, get better food, and less sodium too."
"I'm glad you asked this question because I was about to make the same bet.  After some research  I can't seem to find too much bad about the program.  But a $3000 bet is still hard to ok, so I'd also like to see what people think of this."
"You haven't failed. Just take a deep breath, brush off your shoulders, and pick up where you left off. "
"Zalipie :)"
"Yes, 900-1200 is way too low. I had simply misremembered. I guess 1500 would be better?"
"Maybe I need to re-word some things in my post so as to avoid this thread being downvoted to the point of us not getting the answers we actually really need. :/  \n\nThe thing is, it seems legit, endorsed by reputable sources, I'm just extremely nervous about putting down that kind of money. Their non-disclosure clause freaks me out. "
"I was terrified I was pre-diabetic early last year and after loads of research, I decided to try a paleo diet on for size. Now, I'm mostly keto-paleo, a mega low carb version of the diet, and it has turned my whole life around. I still have some weight to lose, but I feel incredible. \n\nI firmly believe the key to success is trying on different dietary choices for size by making a commitment to each one for at least 30 days in order to find what works best for you, your lifestyle, etc. Don't be afraid to make changes. Don't be afraid to screw up. Don't be shy about celebrating the victories, even the little ones. Just keep on keeping on and eventually it'll happen :) "
"Ill do it!    lovinglogs "
"Thanks! Still a long way to go.. but it's getting there."
"Yeah probably. I think working out your TDEE would be best. Try a few different calculators as they can give slightly different results and take an average. "
"Daisydol"
"[deleted]"
"I take dexedrine too. Well, I did. But I found that I had reduced appetite while taking those meds. Does it do the same for you?"
"same happened to me! great to know that even when i'm being \"bad\" i can still maintain. nice work!"
"I'm Merhouse there too. I've been stuck at 16 pounds (and could lose 200 without dying :x) for like a month, but I'm committed to logging everything I eat and drink no matter what. I love MyFitnessPal -- has really given me perspective on calorie counts."
"Thanks man! You too."
"Uk here, use the app \"Myfitnesspal\" it works great when you scan the bar codes"
"I don't think it's possible to give a general time because a physiological process like this has a lot of variables which could differ from person to person, BUT if you're worried about losing muscle while training fasted, then drink some whey protein before your workout. \n\nAlso, I think if you've eaten a high carb &amp; high protein meal at least 3 hours before working out, and your workout is not that long or intense, then you don't even need to drink a whey shake."
"emmawillemien"
"You can do it! Fear of diabetes was part of my tipping point too and now I'm 25lb down after 6 months. "
"Well said. \"It's a lifestyle change and you will feel 100x better about yourself if you can just keep it!\" that's the secret right there. Great work so far, keep us posted. "
"Would you be doing a group challenge or individual?  I just ran the numbers through its bet calculator, and losing 100lbs in 6 months would get me a $3800 prize... But cost me $3000.. So I'd only actually win $800.  \n\nTo say nothing of the fact that it'd be impossible for me to lose that much (it should definitely take age, starting weight, and a healthy weight for your age / height / sex into account - i.e. It shouldn't let you lose 100 lbs if you're a 6' male and weigh 200lbs).\n\n"
"Don't feel horrible about yourself. **Feel good about yourself**. Think about all the things your body does for you on a daily basis. It houses your brain, and will be its companion for life! Even overweight, it still does many amazing things for you. So don't think about this just \"I suck and need to get better,\" think about it as *\"I'm going to do something for my awesome body which does so many things for me, and in the end it will be able to do even more awesome things!\"*"
"Awesome progress!!!   Congratulations!! "
"Congratulations on your decision. Just stick to it and amazing results will be achieved. Good luck. "
"Try inputting 5'11 female 290 lbs, losing 30 lbs in 6 months at $400/month. I mean 30 lbs is nothing, nothing at all, which concerns me because I worry I may be DQ'd for losing 'too much'. I intend to lose at least 100 in the next 6 months. "
"Kurindal"
"That'd net you $5600... $8000 prize - $2400 wager.  Wow, I wonder if they pay more for those who have a higher starting weight, or for females.  Interesting...\n\nEdit: Females make more, and your payout is higher if you have a higher starting weight, even if the amount you lose is the same."
"&gt; Now I'm to the point where I'm definitely fat, maybe not officially \"overweight,\" but certainly out of shape and pretty awful-looking.\n\nIf you are not officially overweight, changes are you actually don't have to lose weight at all. This seems to me more like a mental issues and not so much physical. I would highly recommend seeking a professional. 500 calories a day is NOT healthy, and 2lbs a month for someone with a healthy bmi is way way too much. \n\nSeriously go see a doctor"
"Efrankli5"
"Food diaries are great. Even the simple step of just keeping track of what you're eating can be a great way to start eating less/stop eating things that are bad for you (tracking calories is a good next step after you get in the habit of keeping the diary). "
"I'm majalaza add me."
"Katathomp"
"mandarin organs sounds like cannibalism :P\n(I know its a typo shhh)"
"Consider this one of the most genuine compliments you can get.  Your grandpa isn't biased by how you look, or how you dress.  Just raw empirical evidence.  And if he's anything like my elderly relatives, you hit that point where you just don't care what you say or how you say it, they say it like they see it.\n\nCongrats, and keep up the good work!"
"Thanks. :-)\n"
"You should try Vyvanse, it lasts a lot longer than dexedrine and doesn't have the crash. It worked really well for me with appetite suppression and didn't leave me with that insanely ravenous feeling after it wore off. Or you might want to try 2-3 doses of Adderall IR daily, thats what im using now and ive lost 9 pounds in the last week from just forgetting to eat or not being hungry."
"Damer71 here and I'm starting today at 300.8 pounds\n"
"This has a very complex answer.\n\nYour body utilizes multiple fuel sources for exercise, and muscle is last on the list.\n\nFirst and foremost there is glucose floating around in your blood.  How many calories you have available here is dependent on diet and physical condition, but it isn't all that many, especially when you exercise on an empty gut.\n\nThen there is glycogen.  This is a longer-chain form of glucose stored in multiple places.  There is glycogen stored in your muscles which does not migrate.  Bicep-stored glycogen can only be used to power the bicep.  There is also glycogen stored in your liver which can be delivered to any part of your body.  How much glycogen you have in your body depends greatly on your diet, your physical conditioning, and how depleted your resources are from recent previous exercise.\n\nThen there is your body's fat reserves.  This is really where the trained athlete differs from the layman.  One's *rate* of adipose consumption is **very** dependent upon physical conditioning.  A sedentary person simply can not liberate more than a hundred calories of fat an hour or so - totally inadequate to satisfy the body's needs for endurance athletics (600-1500 calories an hour).  Even elite athletes can't liberate fat at a fast enough rate to sustain their efforts, though they can quite possibly release 5x as many calories as you or I.\n\nAs soon as you exhaust your blood glucose and exhaust your glycogen stores and continue to demand calories faster than your body can mobilize fat you will bonk.  You will hit the wall and literally be unable to perform, quite possibly losing muscular control and unable to get up off the ground for a while.  I assume you are not pushing yourself this hard or else you would have brought it up.\n\nBut it doesn't take a bonk to cause the body to go catabolic.  It simply takes an acute or chronic caloric demand upon your body which is greater than your ability to use adipose stores.  IF (and these are completely made up numbers!) IF, for example, your body can liberate 50 cal/hour from fat, that's 1200 calories a day.  If you ate 1800 calories a day that means you have 3000 calories *available* before bad things start to happen.  If your TDEE exceeds that 3000 budget things will go south.  You'll be fatigued, and muscle will be lost.  It's not a 1:1 changeover - muscle is being destroyed and rebuilt every day for every person, there is always muscle consumption happening.  What WILL happen, though, is you will shift the balance more towards one than the other.\n\nThe simple rule of thumb is ~1 pound a week of weight loss is saf*er* than faster - regardless of if you're losing due to exercise (the output side of the equation) or diet (the input side of the equation).\n "
"I've done this, successfully.  A few times.  The only way to do it, in my experience, is to quit cold turkey.\n\nI went from drinking maybe the equivalent of 2 2-liters a day.  Sometimes more.  Some days, sodas were the only thing I drank.  All day.  I'm surprised I still have teeth in my mouth.\n\nAnyhow, you're going to get some serious migraines if your caffeine intake was as much (or even close to) mine.  After day 4, you should be in the clear with those.  Drink water. A LOT of water.  I found that Aleve did help to reduce the migraines.  If your goal is to cut out caffeine all together...I can't offer much more help, because I love drinking tea.  Good luck."
"&gt;  but it sounds like eating healthier is gonna have to be the priority again.\n\nTo be clear weight loss and health are two completely different things.  They both are important but they are not the same.\n\nTo lose weight you simply need to eat **less**.  Many overweight people eat \"healthier\" foods than many skinny people."
"Hi, congrats on the decision. I think you are off to a fantastic start. Increase your workout and intensity as you adjust to your new lifestyle. Just stick to it. Be consistent. By the way, no pic link on your post. Good luck and keep loseit posted. "
"[deleted]"
"Add me please!\n\nDobsonlynn \n\nMyfittnesspal \n\nCanada "
"That's good advice, I pack my lunch instead of buying so that should make it easier to keep track. I'm a vegetarian so sandwiches are kind of boring (PB+J or cheese) but I could definitely do yogurts! What do you recommend for a quick breakfasts? I usually have an English muffin since it's fast and low calorie, but then I find myself using up all my carbs early in the day. "
"I'm sure you are anxious to lose weight, I know I always want it to magically fall off once I decide I'm ready. However, I realy don't think 1, 200 calories is enough for you given your size and especially your age. Your body is still developing and needs plenty of calories and nutrients to be healthy now and when you are an adult. I think it would be a good idea to start off cutting out junk food and seconds and start exercising before making such a drastic calorie cut. Also, you should ask your doctor about a healthy calorie goal for a young woman your age. Myfitnesspal doesn't take into account your age when it calculates the calorie goal.\n\nRemember,  a safe weight loss is 1-2 lbs max each week, otherwise a person can't sustain a higher rate and is  likely losing muscle and nutrients.\n\nSorry, I sound like a mom (I am!) "
"That's good for me, I suppose. Seems weird, though, I wonder why they did that. God this shit makes me nervous and uneasy. :/ "
"What apps? I need to get back on the band wagon. I am back at my heaviest at 220 (@ 5'2). "
"I'm in the same boat. 6', 300 pounds this morning"
"Wow, you just made my New Years Day! I have been feeling bad about the last few weeks, but I was just looking at it wrong. Back on track today."
"All right cool! I'll definitely check up with you down the road. You're off to an awesome start, good motivation for me to catch up lol. Good luck!"
"Good luck to everyone starting today! I actually started in March of last year on a whim, so mine wasn't a New Year's resolution, but sticking with it is definitely the most important thing - it doesn't matter what strategy you use, as long as it works for you and helps you towards better health."
"I am in a similar boat as well. Was in decent shape in high school until I hit university. I packed on the pounds.\n\nWas 207lbs in April 2013 - managed to lose weight for my wedding - 175 lbs October 2013.\n\nI am now on Day 1 of my lifestyle change instead of a diet.\n\n187lbs - January 1st 2014.\n\n5'2 female - 25\n\n\n"
"You'll probably find that your CFS will go away with improved diet and increased exercise. \n\n"
"Add me - dobsonlynn\n\nCanada :)"
"Stilrh"
"It's a little late but thank you for this comment.  I did weigh in at night, but I had done so the week before as well, so who knows.  I think my body still may be trying to adjust to what's going on.  But you are right, 8 pounds in the first two weeks is still awesome!  Thank you."
"I don't think that I am actually 19% body fat.  I have been using an electronic sensor and that is what it has been telling me.  The key is that I have used it consistently and it has shown a 20% body fat drop for me."
"It sounds like you're starting fresh in many parts of your life! (: Good luck to you. I'll add you on MFP."
"Damn, great job in between your medical hiccups!"
"I did it in about 6 months.  That is an alarmingly short period of time, but I have been very disciplined in my diet (no cheat days) and my exercise routine."
"My lifting routine has helped fill in what likely would have been excess.  I will have a bit of a tummy.  It is hard to tell if it is excess skin or just more fat that I need to lose.  (crossing fingers it is just fat)"
"I am rounding out my first nutrition course right now, actually studying for the final, book open on my lap as I read your question.  \n\nFirst off, that all-or-nothing approach to eating IS an eating disorder, and you should probably be talking to a therapist or dietitian about it.  You've GOT to change your mind-set about calories.\n\nOne of the things that this class has done for me is exactly that: changed how I perceive calories.\n\nInstead of thinking about calories as something to be avoided while I'm dieting AT ALL COSTS OH MY GOD DON'T EAT THAT IT'S SO BAD PUT IT DOWN SHIT I ATE IT ANYWAY I'M A FAILURE...I've come to regard them as something that's good for my body.  My body needs calories, just...not as many as I've been giving it, and that's why I need to lose weight.\n\nIf I eat that cake, I'm not a failure.  My body is going to enjoy having those carbohydrates....but the next time I eat something it should be a vegetable or a protein to help balance it out, keep me feeling full while not going over my calories for the day.\n\nIf I go over my calories for the day, I'm not gonna make up for it tomorrow.\n\nTomorrow I'm going to eat my 1600 calories just as I planned.  I'll lose weight a little slower, but that's okay.\n\nIt isn't a race. My weight doesn't matter to anyone else.  So I'll lose weight on my timeline.  And no matter what, I'm not a failure.\n\nBecause my weight doesn't determine my worth, my personality does.  \n\n\nMaybe, if you can convince yourself of any of these, it will help.  You have to truly believe it, though.  I believe all of these, with all my heart.\n\nI hope you can learn to make peace with food, and with your body.\n\nP.S. --1200 calories a day when you're 100lbs overweight is too low, you're going to constantly feel like you're starving, and that is going to be a contributing factor to the bingeing.  I'm not gonna tell you how many calories to shoot for in a day, but if someone tries to tell you 1200 calories while you weigh over 200 lbs, find someone else to listen to."
"Leeshapwnz, can use some new friends! "
"I was looking back on my diary/planner for last year and on the first of Jan 2013 was \"lose weight, change life\" and it is seriously the most amazing feeling knowing I have accomplished that! Resolutions can be amazing if you can keep that motivation up throughout the year! "
"[deleted]"
"guntherbear "
"[deleted]"
"Impressive progress bro!"
"Wow! You look gorgeous!"
"thank you"
"Male or female? Personally, I can't function on that low of a calorie intake. Especially if I'm trying to exercise. So you might want to give it a try, but if you find yourself sluggish or unable to function how you need to, perhaps try going up a bit. For me, losing weight is just as much about the number as it is about learning better long term habits. Personally, I'd rather eat \"more\" and lose slowly but be able to maintain it, than go lower suffer mentally and not be able to maintain it."
"I agree that the 25 pounds you lost are just  as important to celebrate. Not only did you lose the weight in a legit way, but also you managed to maintain the weight loss for a year, which is arguably the hardest part. You should look at that previous success as confirmation that you are 100% capable of doing it. You should be so proud of what you've already achieved! Just look at it like a 1 year plateau that you can now break through. You will succeed on this new leg of your journey. Good luck to you! And, keep us posted on your progress please. "
"I fell off for quite a bit of last year, this year will be better!"
"So many replies thanks guys.\nJust have to connect in pc and add all of you. Can add friends on the app. I think i might need email addresses for that , and i cant ask anyone to just drop that on reddit.  Friends or not on mu fitness pal keep up the good work and remember no pain no gain"
"Ahhh I can't believe I left that out...I am a male!\n\nI think you're spot on with the long-term habits.  I won't be afraid to up my caloric intake a bit if I feel sluggish.  I just have so much weight to lose, and maybe I'm being a bit impatient."
"[deleted]"
"Last year I made a resolution to myself to \"Be a better me than I was last year.\" Which started because two years ago, I was hospitalized for health issues that were both genetic and my own fault (diverticulitis) from not watching what I eat. I did small changes until about April, then I started exercising. I got lazy around September, had a health scare which was false, dealt with losing my two best friends, and just lost all motivation.\n\nBut this year's resolution? \"To be a better, stronger version of myself than previously. Physically, mentally, and emotionally. I want to improve the quality of my life in the long run.\" I'm going to try to lose as much of the 60 pounds for my goal as I can. I just hope I can, and I hope I can keep the motivation, along with keeping restraint when it comes to certain foods. (Damn you pizza!)\n\nEdit: I'm not making a resolution to lose weight. I'm making a resolution to just be better than my past self, which isn't even that hard. But weight loss will be a part of it in the end."
"Thanks! I really like the idea of setting milestones where once achieved I buys something for myself. Its true in that you cant really see anything visible for a while when working out so those seem like great motivators."
"Haha I love the attitude. Definitely think I should get into that mindset."
"Yeah I always thought this was a good idea. I guess I tried it once and I felt so dejected after screwing up a few days. IDK how you manage to stay consistent in a college environment so it may not work very well for me but i can definitely see others benefiting from it."
"What I would say is don't worry about building some huge plan for yourself.  Test the water with small simple targets like walk for 10 minutes a day, or even just going outside.  As you start to have success refine your goals to better match what you would like to accomplish.  If you try to take it all off at once it could prove to overwhelm you.\n\nOne thing that I had success with was setting fitness level goals for myself.  Instead of worrying about losing \"x\" pounds, I signed up for a triathlon and knew that the weight would take care of itself if I got in good enough shape to complete one."
"Lol :p"
"Stilrh - anyone can add me :)"
"Losing weight is 80% diet (I'd say even more). You'd have to walk the length of a football field to burn off the calories of a single M&amp;M (just 3-4 calories) so that example alone should show why you can't outrun (outwalk, outswim, etc) a diet of overconsumption. \n\nStart with reading the [FAQ](http://www.reddit.com/r/loseit/wiki/faq), and figuring out what your plan for your food will be. Exercise is great for fitness, overall health, and toning your body but for weight loss, focus your energy on eating right. "
"I'm really hoping this happens. I could use the motivation. I worked so hard about a year ago using my fitnesspal, Jillian Michaels, and taking very long walks. I felt amazing, and I want to be that person again. Please help reddit : / let's do this challenge thing!"
"I'm female and 2\" shorter and 160lbs and I find 1400 tough for me to stick to. Was that to lose 2lbs per week? Maybe aim for 1lb per week to start to see if 1900 calories is something you can sustain and go from there. "
"Redhead0826   \n\nI've had the app on my phone for a longgg time and i always give on logging, but not anymore! I will be consistent! "
"I've used the Lose It app.  Is myfitnesspal better?"
"Yeah it was 2 pounds/week.  Maybe I'm a glutton for punishment...\n"
"It will take effort, and you're going to wonder if it's worth it.  But it so is. Just keep at it and you'll see results before you know it"
"I cant sugar coat it to myself, i cant lie to myself, this is the reality. If i want to look good, if i want the confidence,  I have to push it. It is not easy, if it was easy, everyone would have a great body. I remind myself that I am not less then anyone else and if others have done it, so can i. I remind myself that the reward is worth the effort. Also each day I tell myself that my goal today is that i am going to be in better shape then yesterday. This is my before and now http://imgur.com/aQBr4cg "
"I started losing weight again this past September to get more comfortably in my weight class for the Navy and Air Force (I am applying to both branches after I graduate college). Just by dieting and counting calories I lost 15lb in three months, took a break for the holidays, and am back to losing with the hopes of dropping the last 5-8lb. If you also lose ~5lb a month (pretty sustainable rate) then if you stay perfectly on track you could lose 40lb by August. Realistically, plateaus and slip ups happen, but even so I'm sure you could lose the weight you want to by August."
"I prefer mfp because they also cater for the uk audience. Used another one before \"calorie counter\" and that sucked"
"Crazy transformation man. Well done and congrats. keep it up youre an inspiration. "
"Don't say hopefully. That's a word that gives you an out.\n\nYou're **going** to do this. That's the attitude you need."
"And if you fail or lose motivation... Make it a February Resolution. A March resolution. April, May and so on. We are the sum of our attempts and trials! "
"Perfectly said. Do the Damn thing, each and every one of you. Its not easy, especially the first few weeks, but keep at it. Chase the body image and ideal health goal you have for yourself. Every...fuckin..day! You WILL get what you are reaching for. If anybody needs an accountability partner, a email of motivation every once in a while, a boot in the ass maybe, don't hesitate to dm me, I'm sure OP also, as well as most users of this sub. Good luck to all of you on your path to greater health and a better you!"
"I wouldn't try to lose weight if I were in your position. I would, instead, seek psychological help from a professional to work on your dysfunctional relationship with food. Even if you need to lose weight, you stated that one of the best modern ways (counting calories) triggers a toxic behavior from you. \n\nIt's pretty much a necessity to work on your relationship first before trying to make dietary changes for weight loss. Otherwise, you'll most likely end up back in a toxic situation with restriction and harmful behavior because it's so ingrained in you, currently."
"If this is true, I sincerely discourage you from continuing any weight loss with restrictive dieting. If the majority of this journey has a negative effect such as self-hatred and self-loathing, you're better off stopping all diet attempts and working on your emotional and mental health. Hope the best for you."
"My fault, aymala no H"
"I'm 33, currently at 230 and have lost 40 pounds since 9/1/2013.\n\nMy goal is set for around 1700 calories a day. It is enough that I don't feel starving and I get to eat nicely, but with exercise ( I walk minimum 2 miles a day... you can as well it only takes about 40 minutes) I maintain a nice deficit. "
"Like [Boogie2988](http://www.youtube.com/user/boogie2988) said, I'm not making a new years resolution - I'm making a todo list."
"I'm restarting today. I'm in college and last semester I got to be really busy and sick all the time so I accidentally fell off track.  Kind of excited to start back up again today, actually. Good luck to everybody else! I know you all can stick to it :)"
"Unfortunately, that's not my experience, I was below my current target 6 years ago or so, but only had slight improvements with the CFS type issues."
"Shortykrt.  Anyone can add me."
"When I was on dex, I found it ruined my appetite and also the fur mouth causing me to drink lots of water and chew gum.\n\nAll told, they weren't pleasant but were useful."
"westhimher"
"[Points Checker](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.toonesoft.pointsguesser&amp;hl=en) : This one has a food diary, food database (you add the foods) and a points calculator.\n\n[Point Control](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.pointcontrol&amp;hl=en) : This one has a points calculator and a daily target calculator."
"I'll have to look into the options when I actually get a doctor, I've heard mentions of wellbutrin as an option too."
"ditto, I started August and I think that was a great decision. This is right at everyone else's \"slump\" so I got the quick initial weight-loss as starting motivation and now when I'm at my slump I'm getting my post-holiday / new years motivation going. And everyone else is \"dieting\" so you're not surrounded by junk and low morale. "
"Nice work, dude.  I like how many doubters there were, but it looks like you killed it!\n\nHow did you do it all?  I am starting at about your size and hoping to get to where you are at, at some point.  I've been at it 2 weeks and I can already feel massive difference."
"And keep it to yourself! At least for a month or two. It has been shown that people who tell others about their goals are much less likely to actually follow through on them. It's a psychology thing, I guess. \n\nWould link to study, but on mobile. "
"No. Not at all. You should eat the calories you burn from working out so that your body doesn't go into starvation mode &amp; the second you stop working out, or start eating more you'll slam all the weight right back on... Maybe even more. Yeah you'll lose weight, but not in a healthy way."
"Me either! Stayed at the exact same weight (of which I'm rather proud of seeing as I feel like I super over are daily. Congrats to us!"
"Looking good, man! I do a homemade \"soda\" like on your tumblr but I add a little liquid stevia for sweetness. So yummy!"
"So... My team is currently in first on the October 25th team challenge (ends in two weeks). I can honestly say this contest has motivated me in ways I don't think I could have on my own. The urge to not let my team down is probably pushing us all harder individually than the actual weight targets.\n\nIf you think you can do it go for it man. I'm very happy I did it even though these last few pounds are beginning to prove difficult! If you have any questions I'm more than happy to help!"
"Fresh juice and ice water. I'm really *really* not a morning person, I'm generally only awake to take my dad to dialysis, so breakfast is a nogo for me. I usually make some apple/ginger/carrot/kale juice, it's quick energy and keeps me going til around 12 or so. And yeah it's pretty sweet, but I usually have around 4 oz + 4 oz of ice water mixed. ^^"
"Generally speaking, now is one of the better times to get a gym membership if you're short cash. A lot of places have sales around now, and/or waive signup fees/key fees/have a lot of extras for free. Check around, you might be surprised how cheap some of them are! (My brother scored a \"family\" membership at a local gym for no cash down, no signup fees, 25$ a month with a 6 month contract. Gets free classes, 3 free personal training sessions for each person on it, and 24 hour usage that's normally an extra 10$/month!)"
"Haha, yeah in hindsight it probably does sound pretty crazy what I have done if you don't see pictures.\n\nMy plan is pretty simple, but the key is to stick to it.  My diet focuses on a high clean protein and the elimination of unnessecary sugar/sodium.  An example of one day:\n\nBreakfast - Eggs and a protein shake\nPost morning workout protein shake\nLunch - Leafy green veggies with 6 ounces of white fish or chicken\nMid afternoon protein shake\nDinner - 6 ounces white fish or chicken with steamed veggies\n\nI also wear a polar heart rate monitor when I workout and try to burn at least 1000 calories a day.  In addition to learning Muay Thai, I try to build all of my workouts into \"super sets\".  Each set will consist of a power building movement, a balance building movement, and a core exercise."
"Yeah, I think I look pretty great"
"There you go"
"I love Wellbutrin! It was a life-saver. I too have adult ADD. Studies have found, though, that taking Wellbutrin in combination with Ritalin is pretty much the most effective treatment regime for adult ADD. I can personally attest to this. It mitigates the effects of the ADD while also dealing with the depression/anxiety that are often found co-morbid with ADD. This combination has really helped me a ton, especially with the overeating and anxiety issues. Just my two cents! Haha!"
"Losing weight helps with diabetes, but there are a ton of other factors as well, including how you lose it/gain it, and what you're eating. I'm sure your Dr told you all that (or at least hope he did.) Simple carbs can raise bloodsugar, so can the sugars in fruits and veg, even in milk. \n\nCongrats on the loss, even if you gained some back, you're back on track now. Keep moving forward, you can do it!! "
"Last year, I made a resolution to get my illness under control and not let it rule my life.  \n\nOver the last year, I have reduced the medications I have taken from 5 pills to 2 pills.  Those two pills are 1/4 the strength I was taking in January last year.  Oh, and I dropped nearly 80lbs.\n\nThis year, my goal is to get healthy enough to no longer need diabetic medication."
"\"Starvation mode\" is a myth. There are hundreds of studies and sources on google proving that it is. Unless you are underweight, it does not apply to weight loss. =)"
"Thanks! I don't know much about Stevia or other sweeteners honestly. I don't use them. Not sure what their deal is exactly. Have you tried adding real fruit like squeezing a fresh orange in to it?"
"I'm using all these new friends to get back on track:)"
"Thanks! I don't know much about Stevia or other sweeteners honestly. I don't use them. Not sure what their deal is exactly. Have you tried adding real fruit like squeezing a fresh orange in to it? Even a splash of 100% grape juice is prob better"
"Boo, Blackhawks. Lol :p Congrats on the progress, and your victory. Good luck for the future! :D"
"Great work and great frames!"
"I'm hiskhaleesi    Anyone can feel free to add me. "
"davero51"
"Yep. I remember that"
"Exactly. Also started in March 13 (really late new years resolution) but I never doubted a moment and now it increased my life soooo much that I hope that everyone who starts now or in a few weeks sticks with it and has the same feeling we get. Great progress btw! :)"
"I'll make sure to check it out. Though I should say, I don't live in a country that speaks English as it's native language. So about every product is a foreign product.\n\nThey might have them. But I have my doubts."
"You're right. I *will* do this. I imagine it should be easier if I don't stress it so much as dieting, but instead a simple lifestyle change."
"Good luck to you all!  Keep it going.  Once you start, never give up.  "
"Thanks! I'll keep everyone updated, though I don't think there will be much updating until I've lost at least another 15-25 pounds.\n\nOn that subject, I'm not sure what my actual goal is. Every site seems to give a different ideal weight."
"bdubbers\n"
"It doesn't even have to be that. Make it an every day resolution. One of the biggest mistakes I made was putting it off until \"next week\", or saying \"I'll start tomorrow\". I never kept my own word. \n\nWhen you decide to start, start now. In that moment. Don't wait to make the best decision of your life. "
"Definitely does, thanks for this! And this was all in one year and a couple months? This is seriously impressive, you turned out great man."
"You have the wrong definition of a cheat day then... if you're working these days into your weekly caloric goals then how is it a cheat day?  Cheat days are days you don't count anything you eat, which is what I really guess you're doing you just don't want to admit it."
"Man I didn't expect this to blow up as much as it did! Like everyone is saying, it doesn't have to be now, but it's a great time to start. Good luck to everyone and lets keep each other posted! If anyone needs someone to talk to or get through a slump don't hesitate to dm me! "
"I read \"cathartic,\" myself. "
"Congrats! And thanks for the encouragement:] "
"No, I haven't tried adding fruit to soda but that sounds good for added sweetness. Here is a good article on stevia, if you are interested: http://foodbabe.com/2013/04/25/stevia-good-or-bad/. "
"Probably around 2 years now.  I cut out pop and watched my caloric intake.  Plus exercise here and there :) "
"That's true, but it's been quite a while since and I just wanted to make this feel like a fresh start, what with a new year and all. When I lost my first 25 pounds, I felt like my job was done and slowly drifted back into eating unhealthy.\n\nNot as unhealthy as I used to though. Before the dieting I would eat whole bags of cheetos all by myself. Now I couldn't even do that if I wanted to because I'd feel sick.\n\nI guess it wouldn't hurt to add it to my flair, but I won't do it until I've lost at least the first 5-10 pounds in this new attempt."
"For rewards, I like to get/do stuff that makes me feel awesome or like I'm looking good. So, say, new nail polish or a massage or new workout clothes. After a bigger milestone (say, 10lb) I go for something a little bigger. "
"Thank you! Luckily the university provides all students with free access to the gym, and generally free classes to come with it. The main reason I'm hesitant of going there soon is because of the rumor that the first 2 months are filled with people who make losing weight their resolution, and then end up leaving soon afterwards."
"\"Maintenance\" is something of a misnomer.   That metric, WS, kind of reinforces the point that even at your target weight, ACTIVE WEIGHT MANAGEMENT doesn't end.   \n\nIf I don't watch what I eat, and pay attention to my Daily Rate of Weight Change, the same bad habits will result in the same bad outcomes.\n\nSo, even though I'm pretty comfortable where I am now, every day I do the same things I did the other 749 days of my program so far..."
"see i sniped the issue of my fatness to the bottom. And i decided no junkfood. I realise in doing that my money problems will solve itself!. I need to be strongest when im feeling my weakest. but i also know myself and records make me work hard. If i go a month without junkfood. Ill mentally want the record over a donut\n"
"redversustheblue - anyone can add me. "
"What a kind thing to say :) I will only lose the healthy way so it will be an improvement :) ^^, "
"Yeah I agree it'll be good for me to keep track and I will start to try track the calories as well, thank you."
"That's a really good positive way to look at things, I need to be more positive! Haha Thank you for your cheery comment :)"
"Thanks!!!!"
"Thanks so much! I feel great"
"Wow that's great well done you! Yes unfortunately I already have it but it runs in the family all the women down the line had/have it but I want to do my best to control it! Keep up the hard work :)"
"Hey thanks! :)"
"I'm really glad to hear you're doing so well, keep up the hard work!\nI'm just starting to get in to the swing of things now as I'm a super fussy eater but I will do my best, thank you for your support! :)"
"Maybe we are!!! Making a weight change Will change the rest of your life man, do it!!"
"Yeah. It's tough to determine goal weight. I'm a 5'8\" male, and my range of healthy weights is ridiculous. There're just so many variables that could go into the equation, such as body type, etc., that I find assigning a number fairly arbitrary. I would say to set a high-end healthy goal weight baseline--the highest healthy weight you would be okay with--and then once you reach that weight, forget about the numbers and keep going until you look/feel the best. Then, weigh yourself and figure up the calories to maintain that. I end up on the higher end because of my body type and I'm okay with that. Good luck, man!"
"All the women in my family have had/have it passed down sadly I got it quite young when I was 18 which was really tough but it's not as awful as it seems once you understand it all. There are so many things you can do to slow it down or prevent it such as losing weight and eating healthy, mine is tablet controlled at the moment and I'm hoping to get really tight control once I start to lose weight."
"Ya totally, self image took the longest to change. It hit me that I was no longer a big guy when some dude at a bar called me a \"skinny fuck\" best insult I've heard. "
"Thanks! I should probably start going to party's!!"
"Well I am a vegetarian so I've always been very aware of my protein, iron and b12 levels so a bit of both. The calories was calculated by my fitness pal and it seemed to work!"
"Wouldn't trust any answer in this subreddit, try in /r/bodybuilding"
"Comments like this are the best thing to keep me motivated. Seriously thank you"
"Hi there. Remember: weight loss is 80-90% diet and 10-20% exercise. You can't out-exercise a bad diet, so put more emphasis on tracking your calories. You'd be best served by calculating your TDEE and eating at a 500-calorie deficit. You should also avoid \"dieting\" and make a sustainable **lifestyle change**.\n\nGood luck to you and your sister!"
"you look the same.  lift weights dude."
"Thanks!! Not sucking in my gut 24/7 anymore is the best type of comfort!!"
"Don't make resolutions about goals, you can't really control them. Make resolutions about actions that you *can* control.\n\nSo don't say \"I resolve to lose 30 lbs\",  resolve to \"go run 2 miles 4 times a week\", or \"limit takeout to twice a week\"."
"Exactly. Don't make up excuses to eat, it puts you in a negative loop"
"[deleted]"
"Learn about nutrition. What will this food do to my body, what nutrients are present in it and what crap is in it? Learning that stuff helps you make better food choices. Also drinking any pop or drink with calories is a waste of precious calories. Water will do the job just fine. \n\nNatural foods are your friends. Lots of them are low calories and fill you up for way longer then boxed processed stuff. In my experience at least\n"
"Ive been around reddit from time to time :) I cut any drinks with calories fully and I don't eat meat. I bike to work everyday and run 10-20k from time to time"
"get rid of all the cardio, just do the lifting, eat .8g protein per pound of lean body mass, and stick to your 1500 calorie goal.\n\nseriously, get rid of the all that cardio. you'll burn through your fat, butyou'll also burn through all your muscle in the process and if you end up making it down to your goal weight you'll look like SHIT.  muscle is much harder to build than to keep."
"Thank you for the support, ahh yes good idea completely forgot about measurements will need to take them, thanks for reminding me! :)\nI will check that out, hopefully all is well for you also and 2014 will be a great year for you.\nThanks so much for the motivation! :)"
"First time I've been called that!!! Thanks!"
"Flyinpasta! Hit me up! "
"Thanks for the reply and CONGRATS, that is awesome. Please let us know how it turns out (if they actually pony up the cash). "
"&gt; I have type 2 diabetes and would like to get my bloods completely under control.\n\nPlease look into /r/keto!"
"WTF? Are you joking? How dare you? Take a good look back at your pics, take a long look at it and remember what you have done. What it took to get to where you are exactly now. The hard work, the effort, the sacrifice, the pain.  What you have done is absolutely amazing and you need to F--king proud of it man. You lost a mind boggling amount of weight. SERIOUSLY. Something that millions dream about doing but do not have the will power you have, they dont have the discipline, they dont have the dedication you have. Youre a warrior. You want motivation? You are the motivation. You have it in you and you know what to do.  As far as any tips or suggestions, I would highly recommend you start lifting weights. It will take you to the next level."
"4L water daily, on another thread someone recommended 4-6L per day on keto. Should be 2L/day if you're not really exercising and not on keto I think.\n\nI've never been much of a picky eater myself, so I want to say \"suck it up\" and eat what you need to but there should be ways to make most things delicious. If you're going to do Keto, throw some bacon and cheese on it. Seasoning is important, garlic, ginger, onion, and pepper of various kinds get you far, as does a good cooking fat. Eat veggies with butter, bacon fat or coconut oil. I save fat from ground beef also, freeze it and throw it in soup later or something.\n\nI've assumed we're talking veggies anyway. Try picking one you are OK with and try the flavouring tips above. I like to buy a bag of fresh or frozen broccoli florets (fresh is better if you can commit to finishing it before it spoils). I like the pre-cut stuff because I am unbelievably lazy. Broccoli goes great with bacon and/or cheese or in some kind of Chinese dish.\n\nPersonally, my main issue with salad is all the cutting up, so I like to buy a bag of dark greens like baby spinach and kale mix. You can throw a low carb dressing on it raw or cook in w/e oil.\n\nSo what is it you don't like? Are there any veggies that you DO like? (Potatoes, carrots and peas don't count.)"
"Wow!  Great job so far, keep it up!  Also, thanks for the advice! "
"Great job. You are a motivation to many. "
"Hey there everyone! 30 year old male from Arkansas. 5'8.5\" tall; SW=~201 lb.; CW=185 lb.; GW=160-165. I was very skinny for most of my life until late 20s. Then, slowly gained about 40 lb. over the last year or two. Ready for the old me to come back and starting law school next year are motivating my lifestyle changes. I miss the outgoing, stylish, and confident old me. Started weight loss journey about 3 weeks ago, mainly through healthy eating and calorie counting. I'm a great listener, and I've been told I give excellent advice, even if I don't always follow it myself. Haha! It would be nice to have someone to talk to who is going through something similar. Thanks! \n\nA little creeped out because this feels like a personals ad. Haha! "
"Did you read the whole article? Not a lot of good things on stevia on there. What kind are you buying? It seems like she recommends to grow your own plants? "
"[deleted]"
"I will, thank you! Yes definitely want my bloods in tight control!"
"Indeed, I did read the whole article. \n\"If you are not up for getting a stevia plant of your own or making your own extract, remember to look for a stevia extract that is 100% pure without added ingredients (Sweet Leaf &amp; Trader Joes have versions).\"\n\nI am all about TJ's organic liquid stevia. :)"
"Bravo, that is a fantastic victory. I recall the same thing with a coke i had and how disgustingly syrupy and sugary it was. Then I had some water and it was fantastic. Great work keep it up your a motivation. "
"My New Year's resolution didn't get started until June, but I was so glad it got started at some point. And now, when I keep it up, I'll be set when the summer hits!"
"Ah ok thanks, I'll take a look at that "
"Exactly. Find your own motivator. "
"That's over training. Lift 3 days a week, cardio on off day from lifting, swimming in evening only a couple times a week, consider a day of absolute rest for recovery. Eat a lot of protein to maintain as much of your muscle mass as possible.\n\nDo you have a lifting routine?"
"Calculate your TDEE, not your BMR."
"I think you mean 2014. It's definitely our year!"
"Oh haha! Don't worry I'm eating my recommended amount. I think she was talking about how a spoonful of Nutella is 200 calories!"
"Good luck!"
"[deleted]"
"[deleted]"
"[deleted]"
"[deleted]"
"I'm not resolving to lose weight,  though I still have 30 to lose. I AM, however, resolving to add one fruit and one veggie to every meal of the day. I'm not a bad eater, but I can do better. I am planning a pregnancy this year. NOW is the time to fuel my body for the task. .. It's not getting any younger!\n\nA second priority is to be more active. I will be 5 years older and 20 pounds heavier at the start of this pregnancy. The last one resulted in 72 pounds gained, and I cannot and WILL not let that happen again."
"That's pretty encouraging, glad to hear it's working for you.\n\nI'm somewhat screwed on the Ritalin front, it makes me drunk, basically, hence the dex previously.\n\nBut I'm sure some drug combo will work."
"[deleted]"
"Yes. Fall down 7 times, get up 8. "
"Aquafarce"
"Yeah. Sure. My trainers have all been lying to me. My college graduated in the field of health medicine who would know better than a google search, are lying to me. My own personal history &amp; everyone else who has Yo-yo dieted have no idea what's going on when you eat too little, hit goal weight, &amp; then start eating normal again. I mean look at Oprah, she's always been a great example of this. Was large, lost a ton of weight, started eating again &amp; packed it all right back on. "
"This. It doesn't matter if you had greasy chips and cheese for lunch. Watch what you eat the rest of the day and you can still come in below your calorie limit. \n\nIt's when you follow up a moment of weakness with another and another that you run in to trouble. It's all about learning new habits. \n\nI felt like I'd gone as bit mad the last few weeks and was sure i'd have gained but I actually lost two more pounds. I thought back and remembered the walks I'd taken, the days I did my sit ups etc, the times I managed to politely refuse deserts &amp; the days I ate badly but didn't over eat. \n\nIf anyone's struggling with motivation my trick might work for you. Book a holiday or arrange to visit an old friend - give yourself a target weight/size for that date. It helps me to really break the weight loss up &amp; you have the motivation of wowing them with your progress/wearing a bikini/whatever. "
"Good luck with your plan, I am also planning to start my weight loss journey the old fashioned way and wish you all the best!!"
"I'm 180lbs and I want to be 90lbs and have a six pack. It's going to take a long time and lots of determination "
"It takes 66 days to make something a habit. So make it to March and you basically made it. Good luck everyone. "
"You as well! Hope you had a great time with whatever you did :)"
"In the vein of keeping your resolutions, I built this during my break to try to help people keep their newyears resolutions:\n\nhttp://resolutionminder.com/\n\nIt emails you once a month with what you resolve today, so it's harder to forget.  \n\nWould love feedback on the idea/concept/etc.  \n"
"I'm sitting here trying to start, then unconsciously I go and eat a piece of chocolate, or a gummy bear that is laying around from Christmas..."
"Haha I did!"
"Throw all that shit away!! If you live with people they'll understand.. Or have them hide it or something. That's what I did.. It's so much easier to do when bad food isn't so easy to access. "
"thanks!"
"Been on the healthy lifestyle train for a few years now, 20 pounds down, and am making January goals instead of year resolutions."
"Ahhhhh yes, I love stories like this. You're great, live your life, and you'll be back in no time. :)"
"You're about where I was six months ago, so I just want to send you some good wishes!\n\nAs for the exercise, what you have planned looks like a great start! That will definitely get you fitter than you are now. What really helps me with exercise is setting goals, so maybe start increasing your speed or duration as you get more into it, or even perhaps graduate onto running. "
"Don't aim for 1400 right from the starting gate. That is a very difficult number to stick to, especially if you are used to 2500-3000. Spend a few days tracking your usual intake (or estimate based on the last few days) and then set smaller, more attainable targets. Today it will be 2000 calories and a mile run. Friday it will be 1900 calories and a mile run. \n\nFind ways to substitute every day. Swap Starbucks for black coffee...or be honest with how much cream and sugar you  add yourself. Swap cereal for plain, unsweetened oatmeal with a handful of dried fruit. Swap sandwich/chips/apple/soda lunch for a chicken breast and walnuts chopped up into a leafy salad, plain yogurt,  and fruit. Swap dinner - in - a - box for real food, and fill up on veggies first. Learn how to enjoy flavors again... convenience foods are so loaded with extra sugar,  salt, and fat that lots of foods seem bland and bitter at first.\n\n1400 is a nice ultimate goal, but it's also like setting a goal to lose 100 pounds in a year... doable, but miserable when all you can see is failure to reach your goal. We tell people to set smaller goals for weight loss... and it applies to relearning how to eat, too.\n\n"
"I somehow managed to lose 5lbs since thanksgiving! :) "
"Started in April '13! Just keep putting one foot in front of the other and don't beat yourself up when you fall off the track. Just shake it off and keep trekking! As long as you continue to gradually push yourself, you'll never have limits you can't pass!"
"Wizcailleyfa"
"[deleted]"
"If you've been eating a bunch of treats and snacks for a few months your body will crave it. You have to break the cycle at some point. Don't bring the offending food in the house. Unfortunately since you've been out of the dieting game for two months you'll probably have to do the initial lifestyle adjustment into dieting again which I'm sure you know is the first big step to dieting. I'm in the same boat with you since I got carried away with baking this holiday. There's the tips like not bringing certain foods in the house, but it all comes down to having the willpower. Re-calibrate your daily calorie intake goal and don't go over it no matter what. Eventually the cravings will stop, just be stronger than them til they do."
"Why not just use MyFitnessPal and calculate the *actual* calories rather than wrapping them up in \"points\"?\n\nThe best thing you could ever invest in would be an accurate set of kitchen scales that you can use to weigh out your portions before entering them into MyFitnessPal :)"
"Easiest way to drop way fast is to stop drinking Soda. On average if you drink 1 can a day for a year thats 15 pounds(or 5? dont remember) you gain, thats including what the average person burns off."
"Might at well try it - best case it works, worst case you only waste a couple of minutes of your life."
"Electronic body fat sensors are pretty inaccurate since the readings will vary wildly."
"Hey, good for you on changing your life! No matter what give it time give it at least 12 weeks, 12 weeks of honest hard work. Don't give up when it gets hard just go harder yourself! You can do it!"
"Tried it, and I'm happy to say that it has a lot of the products listed that I use in my daily life. I was very surprised, I thought it was going to be only English products.\n\nAnd even if I can't find a certain product, I can just type in the amount of calories to add up to my daily calorie intake (which the app calculated to be around 1400).\n\nThe only thing that annoyed me was that I had to lie about my age in the registration. Apparently people under the age of 18 aren't allowed to take responsibility for what they eat? Not that it matters much, but it's weird that you would \"have\" to be over 18."
"Start your calories around 2000"
"Unless you are 4-10, 90 lbs is not a healthy goal weight. And if you want a 6 pack (which means muscles) you will not weigh that little. You would be shocked at what (amazingly gorgeous, thin, and fit) Olympic athletes weigh. "
"Is it me or does the 95 lb flair give this poster super credibility? Because I sure as hell think it does!"
"I LOVE that show! Do you work on it? Also your transformation is an inspiration. How tall are you?"
"Eat less"
"I also gave myself a gold star on my calendar every day that I actually stuck to my allotted number of calories. Sounds silly, but it was satisfying."
"Rather than just saying 'lose weight' like in the past, I've resolved to try and cycle to college each day (~3 miles 4 days a week) and eat more fibre/complex carbs to fill myself up. Hopefully I'll be fitter and leaner this time next year! "
"No, I just ran into them filming.  I am 5'10\""
"I am no huge weightloss-guru, but this summer when I used mfp pretty religiously for a month.  It got to be a little too much for me, but I had been able to flag some \"problem\" foods.  A good example: I make my own bread and had previously been eating 2 slices at breakfast, but unlike store bought bread (100kcal/slice) mine had 200kcal/slice!  I was eating almost 600cal at breakfast without knowing what I'd done.   "
"I brought all my remaining Xmas chocolates (I didn't get many) to a NYE party and shared them around - got to have a couple of my favourite ones but avoided eating the whole box."
"http://media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/e3/52/7f/e3527fe371b886064810f8b91ce5e7b1.jpg   I want to look like her "
"Thank you! Haha. Look at my post history if you want to see pictures :)"
"I personally hate counting calories. a lot of people here use MFP and live by it. You def cannot gain weight counting calories and keeping them low. If you can workout and function at that calorie level I don't see why it's bad. Personally i try to reduce calories and let the scale and my clothes and the mirror tell me if I am eating to many or too few. If the scale is going down at the rate I want, and if I look and feel better I am happy and it seems like something I can stick with forever. I can't stick with weighing and logging my food for the rest of my life."
"Awesome I am your same height! hopefully I can look like you when I get down that much! Awesome inspiration! And no lose skin, another thing I hope I can duplicate!"
"Thank you for the encouragement! :) I've lost weight before (in the 30 lb range) twice - in 2006 and again 2008, but I've since regained it all. It's just a matter of sticking with it for longer than 3 months (and getting the initial motivation). =) \n\nHappy New Year to you too!"
"Should have made it was hungry :)"
"Yeah, 100 percent not 90 lbs.  even if she were 5'-2' I would guess she is 120 lbs at least (and solid muscle).  At 5-2 (again, don't know your height) and 90 lbs, your bmi would be 16.46. Underweight is 18.5, so that is grossly underweight. You cant be that underweight and have muscle. \n\nEdit to note: I would recommend checking out r/xxfitness and learning about strength training. You won't build muscle like that eating at a deficit, so you will want to cut first (diet) and then build. But either way strength training is crucial."
"[Have](http://www.weightwatchers.com/util/art/index_art.aspx?tabnum=1&amp;art_id=35501) [some](http://caloriecount.about.com/forums/weight-loss/truth-starvation-mode) [links.](http://www.healthscience.org/index.php?option=com_content&amp;view=article&amp;id=512:are-you-in-the-starvation-mode-or-starving-for-truth&amp;catid=102:jeff-novicks-blog&amp;Itemid=267) [These](http://www.glutenfreepost.com/starvation-mode-myth-in-the-venus-factor/) [are just](http://trainingaspects.com/starvation-mode-deciphered) [a few.](http://www.weightlossresources.co.uk/calories/burning_calories/starvation.htm)\n\n[and a nice summary of](http://www.myfitnesspal.com/topics/show/761810-the-starvation-mode-myth-again) [this study](http://www.unu.edu/unupress/food2/UID07E/uid0 7e11.htm)\n\n\nAnd yea I know you probably won't go read them all, there's a lot up there, and that's ok. There is literally no solid evidence that there is any such thing in obese people, for weightloss purposes. If you are trying to lose a lot of weight, there is no chance of sending your body into any such thing as long as you are still eating. Hell, even fasting for short peirods won't send most (otherwise) healthy people into this. Beyond that, if you're not eating for weeks at a time (water fasting) or you go months/years at an extremely low (most sources cite around 400 calories for some reason) caloric intake, then yes you possibly could go into starvation mode. For the majority here on this subreddit, it's a non-issue and generally only thrown out to generate fear or by people that simply do not understand the studies. \n\nThis isn't a personal shot at you. Misinformation comes from many places about many topics. However this is one that I, personally, feel that this subreddit could do without. Many of us have enough problems without someone bringing up inaccurate information that will only serve to generate excuses about why they're eating that extra helping, or drinking that soda to \"round out\" their days calories. \n\n~Ninjaedit, yeh I may have gone overboard with the linkage. Sorry. "
"Way to drop the weight! Also, great plan! I love your schedule and how you are gearing your body towards the activities you love. That seems to be a GREAT way to keep it off! You even fell off and got back on, very inspirational!"
"So generic, but perfectly timed lol Any other day would have been a 'ha ha, cute\" but New Years eve with school starting on Monday ..very appropriate lol \n\nI've lost weight before (in the 30 pound range) twice in 2006 and 2008, but have gained it back. I suffer from PCOS, asthma, insulin resistance, metabolic syndrome, anxiety, and depression so I've got the cards against me. I've succeeded before, it's just a matter of staying motivated and on track. \n\nI'm at my rock bottom though - no weight higher than what I am now is acceptable and I don't want to ring in my 30s in 2015 being nearly 300 pounds. That's unacceptable. I've wasted my 20s being overweight when I should have been healthy, toned, and out having fun. I won't make the same mistake for my 30s. Nuh huh. \n\nThis lifestyle is no longer acceptable - I'm breaking up with it :) "
"Sadly you can't actually target fat loss. Start lifting and it'll help replace the fat with muscle, and may even push your body to shift it from your stomach. Good luck!"
"Congrats on the NSV! Any victory is a win, right?"
"Don't sweat it dude, at this rate you won't have Diabetes for much longer! Go get that 50 flair!"
"OP, any follow-up on your 5:2 diet experiences? Sticking with it? Results? Seeing as this is a month old now, and I'm moving from a \"common sense\" eating healthy and not too much and working out sporadically to losing the last 4 or 5kg until my goal weight, Im interested in trying this 5:2 thing out. "
"I'm in =) \nI'm 28 years old, female, Canadian. Wasn't ever skinny growing up but more in the 'skinny fat' area. I was 150 when I was 15-17 but piled on the pounds after that by being inactive for the last 11 years. It's time to change that. I'm not entering my 30s in 2015 overweight. \n\nWould love to have a fellow warrior to vent at (and have them vent to me), to encourage, to support, and to commiserate with on days we're feeling down in the dumps. \n\nFB, e-mail, texting is all an option :) "
"Thanks "
"I just looked at your pictures. You've done an amazing job, dude. You're an inspiration!"
"Keep those calories and carbs down and you won't need to worry about enough exercise. THis of diet for weight loss and exercise for feeling and looking better as you lose weight. Since you seem to be doing just cardio, it's all about feeling better. If you ever want to focus on looking better, try weight. Either way, connect weight loss to diet only, not exercise!\n"
"Remember what worked for you last time, and start it up again. You did it once, you can do it again!"
"Good job buddy. Honestly I have never read anything about it, but I do feel that the process of losing weight can change your taste buds. I gave up regular soda a LONG time ago but still drink diet. Since I have been cleaning up my food, I crave diet soda a lot less. I still drink it, but I don't drink nearly as much as I use to. Funny thing is I never planned on cutting back on diet soda, it just happened. I also like vegetables a lot more. Don't know why, because I didn't plan on eating more vegetables either, it just happened."
"Thanks!"
"Excellent advice. One thing I would add, is to set some short term goals. Set them by rewards, set them by time, set them by weight, however you want to. **\"If I lose Xlbs I will _____\" \"When I'm a size smaller I'll buy myself that ______ I've been wanting\" \"If I stick to the diet changes for Xmonths, I'll let myself ______\"** Fill in the blanks with what applies to you, pick the ones you want and go for it. You have nothing to lose but the fat!"
"Please see my post above. :-) I'd be happy to team up with you. Let me know if you are interested. "
"Well you def accomplished the attractive thing! You were cute before, (seriously love the before picture) but you are HOT now! I don't even read stories by women, but shit yours was awesome. I love your attitude and I too want to be the thin ex fat person who still loves fat people shit but won't feel as guilty or look as bad! Your pictures and story is an inspiration. You should right another post telling how you have to beat guys off with a stick now that you are thinner! "
"Most pills and supplements don't actually work. They may have a mild diuretic that will make you lose water weight, or they may have things that give you energy, but neither of those will lose actual fat. The *only* way to lose it, is to eat less and move more. "
"Great point. it's also good if the reward isn't food! :)"
"Great advice. Change diet is 80 percent of weight loss to 99 percent of weight loss so people get it and it's perfect!"
"You can do it!\nNo but really, you can. You've done it before, you know how you did it before, and you can easily do it again. You're still 15 pounds down from your highest weight, and if you had never done any of this you probably would have gained weight instead and you'd be in an even worse place. \nI'm not one of the people who have done what you're doing, I haven't lost enough weight to regain it! But I do know that people do it all the time, and you can to.\n\nGood luck! Loseit believes in you, and so do I! "
"I haven't been able to weightlift for a few months because of my heart condition. Atrophy is a cruel mistress."
"I'm not sure the people I live with would notice if I suddenly sprouted pink horns and started wearing a tutu, so I'm not much help. \n\nI just wanted to say that is a fantastic amount of weight that you've lost! You've come so far, you can make it to the end. Smile and nod when they compliment, then keep pushing yourself if that's what it takes. You've done a brilliant job so far!\n\n\n\n"
"Good job. Honest when I see a 100 lb flair I open the post. With a 200 lbs flair you could tell me to drink gasoline and I would! Good job!"
"You will not permanently change your weight until you permanently address your current behaviors which have lead you to a weight at which you are unhappy. You are currently eating more than your body needs and it's storing the excess as fat. Either change how much you eat, how much your body needs (exercise) or both. Considering you need to walk the length of a football field to burn the calories of a *single* M&amp;M, it's near impossible to outrun (outwalk, outswim, etc) a diet of overconsumption. \n\nThe answers are never in a pill bottle. The answers always lie in changing your behaviors. The only things those type of pills are good at lightening are your wallet. "
"I SO agree with youl It's not even just Christmas. People go out to dinner more, there is more chocolate around more alcohol and more late night temptations. The entire season is for thin people as far as I am concerned... Hopefully you and I can be one of those people next year! Good luck fellow 20 flair buddy! "
"Well done, sir!"
"Nice job! Mind sharing what your core routine is?"
"There's a link on the sidebar at the bottom to Astroids Loseit New Year's Resolution Spreadsheet, if I'm not mistaken that's getting rebooted this year and the first weigh in is today!"
"Ummm, you are hot. I bet that ex wants back in!"
"I think you might wanna xpost this over to [r/fitness](http://www.reddit.com/r/Fitness/). I'd love to help but I'm honestly useless for that, I'm still just doing cardio for the most part at this point. \n\nGood luck tho!"
"I find myself having the same problem a lot of the time, you just can't let it get to you! You have lost a HUGE amount of weight, so they are seeing you in comparison to your old self. Compared to that guy, you probably do look perfect and like you don't need to lose weight, but you have to see yourself compared to how you'll look at your goal not how you looked before. At the end of the day, what your friends think doesn't matter if you want to lose 25 more pounds then do it no matter what they say.\n(Sorry if that made absolutely no sense... I tried:P)"
"[This is the closest I've found to it.](http://www.reddit.com/r/loseit/comments/1u09p4/challenge_spring_semester_loseit_challenge_2014/)\n\nIt's low on the sidebar, Astroid's LoseIt stuff!"
"Oh don't drink gasoline. Too many carbs... err... hydrocarbons... something like that. :P"
"I'm with you, and most of Dec was a write off for me because I'd received enough complements that I felt I \"deserved\" a break because I've done so well losing the weight. I don't use negative reinforcement as much as you but I was 5 lbs away from a healthy weight (and now 5-6 weeks later I'm 6 lbs away!) and feeling I \"deserve\" a break/treat is my arch nemesis. Work stressful? Well I've been so good with my diet I \"deserve\" a break, etc. \n\nThese days I just try to thank then quickly deflect the attention to something else so I can get back on track. 6lbs to my first goal of being a healthy weight and really only 21lbs from my ultimate goal, but when you're only losing 1lbs per week losing a whole month can sting. "
"The very idea of starvation mode to me is a weird one. The whole point of getting fat is to use that fat to fuel your body in times of famine. But that when you don't eat for awhile, suddenly your body uses just about no energy and you stay...fat? For what reason? Then what is the fat for? And how does your body just become super efficient all of a sudden and instead of using up 1800 calories a day uses 200 all because \"starvation mode\"? Logic would seem to say starvation mode is bullshit. If it has the same meaning that I'm thinking "
"Whatever you say! "
"[deleted]"
"[deleted]"
"My weight and height is about the same as yours and I find 1450 calories more then enough for me personally. I go to the gym 3 times a week for about 2 hours, and on those days I do eat more. But on my other days I sometimes have to eat a little bit extra to get to my healthy daily calories. I just had a slice of cheese and a fried egg to get into healthy range. \n\nBut what works for me doesn't have to necessarily work for you. If you try 1400 and you're hungry all day, up it a bit. if 1400 is enough for you and you don't feel the need to eat more, great keep at it. Experiment a bit."
"Mine was supposed to start last month but finals and end of year work and the holidays postponed it to tomorrow. Accidental New Year's resolution haha"
"yeah i started over a year ago last August but ive been piledrivin it"
"You do not look 180 at all! But regardless, you look great. Your story is so inspiring! One thing I've realized recently is that it really is about a series of small choices, not setting ridiculous goals and expecting to see results in a week. \n\nHow long did it take you to get this far? Congrats on your success!"
"I just got a weight set for Christmas!  I will make good use of it.\n\nThanks!  \n\nIt's just been a disheartening couple of months and I just need to kick it in the ass I guess!"
"Yeah.  Agreed.  I had just bought a big tub of the snack-type foods (think a party mix thing) and I left it at a friends last night which HURT but I find myself craving it right now and I can't eat it since it's not here.\n\nOne day at a time, like I just started all over again.  My calorie limit for the day is 2100 right now, and I'll stick to that!  \n\nHere we go!"
"Bad food is ALL my mom buys. Majority of the time she's too lazy to cook, so we end up eating out or eating frozen processed shit. "
"Perfect! I only workout in my garage or even my living room. I hate gyms. i got some weights and a pullup station, plus my punching bag. It is meant to be. Make it happen. "
"I am excited about breaking into the 200's again... haven't been there in years. I am happy to be wearing  XXL shirts again, though! :)"
"Well done! Keep up the good work. Similar stats &amp; loss as you when I was your age however I rebounded to 270 in a few years thanks to inactivity, a desk job and cheap food at work. Great to see you have a sport or two you enjoy, use that to keep on track! Thanks for the motivation!"
"denalilove - I could always use more mfp friends!"
"I'm F, turning 24 soon, and 269 lbs. \n\nI haven't been skinny since puberty. I developed earlier than my friends and felt weird in my body. I hated people looking at me and asking my age just because I looked older than I was. So in order to get people to stop looking at me, I started eating. I had a lot of friends who were smaller, and I didn't mind being the odd person out. I didn't really care about a lot back then. \n\nFlash forward ten years and I want to get back into shape. I have a loving boyfriend who is really supportive. My goal weight seems really far away, but I'm actually feeling positive about this. "
"[deleted]"
"Can relate - I also started a graduate program in 2013, also giving up an active job to do it, and this is goes hand in hand with weight gain no question :(. But let's not be too hard on ourselves. We are arresting the gain and doing something to reverse it!! \n\nWhatever worked for you before, you need to substitute it with with something else or return to it if you can. Accept that what might have worked or was achievable before might need to change. Going back to calorie counting should be do-able because you can do that anywhere, but if a personal trainer is unaffordable/unavailable then substitute it with a team sport or a gym membership or a do-it-yourself motivator like C25k. I just signed up to a cheaper neighbourhood exercise class and I love it. My problem was that when the stress, exams etc. kicked in I didn't go to the exercise classes. I'll need to address that this year. \n\n"
"[deleted]"
"Looks great! Can I ask what you've been doing to get those results?"
"Losing weight is 80%+ diet. If you're no longer losing weight, it's time to reevaluate what you're eating. What did you calculate your tdee to be and how much are you eating? "
"[deleted]"
"Mine is fairly bland but I just tell myself everyday that i have only one goal, that I want to be in better shape then yesterday. "
"Same here.  I have lost 101 lbs. since March 1, 2013,"
"I upped my run from 3 miles to 4 today! Yay!"
"From an exercise standpoint I workout 5-6 days a week.  I have various days where I will focus on different parts of my body (arms, legs, chest).  When I workout I make sure that I keep my heart rate varying between 150-175 for an hour.  Each set will consist of 3 different exercises where I will focus on power, balance and core.\n\nMy core exercise can be anything from various different kinds of ab crunches, to leg lifts.  I also really enjoy slamming medicine balls and doing kettlebell swings.\n\nAnother thing to being a \"big dude\" is that you get really strong with body weight exercises (walking lunges, pushups, pull ups)."
"Aw thank you for saying I don't look 180. I like to tell myself that 10 of those pounds are just skin (ugh). While my before picture was taken in 2007 it's only because it's one of the few photos I have when I was that big (I'm sure I looked bigger at some points). I only took about a year and a half to lose 140. "
"I could not agree with this more, but if by being consistent with it I can track that I have gone done about 20% points."
"I kinda went through something similar. Im 5'10, i was 250lb and went down to 155 but still i had a belly but i felt weak and unhealthy. I started lifting weights and bulked up to 170 and i feel great and all my stomach fat has almost gone away. this is my before and now http://imgur.com/aQBr4cg"
"You can start small - I have an end goal in mind, but I know that, realistically, I'm not going to eat perfectly or exercise five days a week. So instead I'm starting a little like this:\n\nFirst week - no pressure in what I eat. None. Just record what I ate and how I felt about it on myfitnesspal.\n\nSecond week - look at the past week and figure out one thing I can change, and stick to it for the next week. Then, review my stats and see what else I can change, or if my trial didn't work try a different method.\n\nFor exercise I just know I am not going to exercise five days a week right away, so on my calendar I put for this week one fifteen minute exercise. Really easy - even I can't miss it, and if I do, I can realistically reschedule it quickly. I already found an exercise video I can follow for those fifteen minutes. All I really need to do is show up and spend fifteen minutes of my life that week exercising.\n\nSlow going? Certainly. Will it exhaust my willpower? Even I can do fifteen minutes of exercise this week. It's about lasting habits."
"Submitted! I like competition, so hopefully doing it alongside others will motivate me a bit more!"
"Haha well I wish I could say that I have to beat guys off, but really I'm kinda shy and have never been flirted with to my knowledge. I also wear an engagement ring so that might deter some people. Thank you so much for the kind words!"
"Just so you know your body fat is probably 60% \n\nGet the Myfitnesspal app. \n\nIt does all the work. "
"Then your baseline assumption (TDEE, BMR, whichever you started from) is wrong.  Change your caloric representation of your metabolism to match reality (5 months of data makes this easy to calculate) and readjust your target intake.\n "
"wow, awesome! What was your timeline ? A year? Two years? When did you start to gain more energy? "
"[deleted]"
"This year is the only year I've felt serious about keeping this year's resolution to lose weight. I just have to wait untili recover from falling over a bike 2 days ago. \n\nI had half arsedly started 6 weeks ago, but put it on hold for xmas/new years. Time to restart. "
"I've been sticking with it. On the first two weeks I lost almost seven pounds, but now during the holidays with all the holiday foods... I've lost none. But that's something I was prepared to and now that the holidays are over I'm going to get back to normal food and take up swimming. Other than a little weightloss, I feel a bit more energetic and after a day of fasting I'm not even really hungry next morning. I've also picked up drinking more water, at least two liters per day. I'll hopefully have more results in few weeks, I'll post more (if I remember). "
"I am 5' 10\" and started at 235, I am currently just under 200 and keep dropping.  I eat 1330 calories a day and workout for 30 minutes 3 times a week.  I find that 1330 calories is a lot more than you think if you stay away from calorie dense foods such as fats and oils.\n\nAlso on workout day I track how many calories burned (I always subtract 25-30% of what MFP or the machine I am using claim I burned) and then I eat back those calories since I am already on a deficit.\n\nThe other thing that I am doing that is helping greatly is IF (Intermittent Fasting) where I do not have anything to eat from 10pm till 2pm the next day and then I get all of my calories during the 8 hour eating window from 2pm to 10pm.  This has been a great boost to my weightloss as well and was much easier to deal with than I thought it was going to be, just took a couple of days to get used to."
"Wow, very nice! I'm in a similar situation. Any tips on what to do to begin?"
"Yeah I weight lift and do cardio but it's just that my current meals are getting tiresome and I want to try something new."
"I am using Noom Coach Pro to track my diet. It has my Net Caloric Intake at 1330 a day. "
"There are days where I'll have higher calorie content, enough to be in maintenance and not in loss, but I ALWAYS count them, I count EVERY DAY. I attributed \"cheating\" to being off loss for the day, not eating a million calories and not counting it, then assuming it wont effect me. \n\nIf you're going to just assume everything about me, which you clearly already have, it'd save you a lot of time not informing me or posting it here and still have the luxury of assuming you're right.  "
"Done and done, thanks."
"Nice idea. I think having a buddy who's going through the same as me would be helpful. I'm 23 year old man weighing 400lbs unfortunately. So I have a long way to go. Consider me as one of the new people. Long time ago i did lost 70lbs, but didn't last long to take back my old habits. So I really need to find back the spirit I had once. Hopefully there's someone out there that would like to share experiences and that we can learn from each other!"
"I can really only exercise until April, as I'll be using my university's gym. My goal is to be a size 12. I'm currently between a 16-18. I don't want the weight loss to go slow, I want to lose quickly. I'm not really even doing it for the weight, I'm doing it to stop my awful depression."
"If you're counting everything and you're hitting your exact calorie goals for the week, how would it be cheating?\n\nEx. if you're average calories were 1500 per day, you get 10500 a week.\n\nIf you use 4000 calories on Saturday, and eat 1083 calories every other day, you will lose the same amount of weight as if you had eaten 1500 every day.\n\nSo again, plateauing for 5 months is not possible unless you're not counting your calories correctly and tracking all the data."
"the loseit app I use is supposed too, and does, adjust as a enter a lower weight, perhaps it's not adjusting enough? As a 5'6\" female at 176 I should be losing 1/2 a lb a week at 1841 calories a day. I tend to be short of that, especially on workout days, but could it still be to high?"
"As a further explanation to \"Exercise does not replace proper diet\":\n\nAs a competitive runner, each mile I run at a roughly 7:30 min/mi pace burns a little over 100 calories. This is using a Garmin 210 GPS watch w/ HR monitor to measure caloric expenditure. \n\nA single bottle of Mountain Dew equals almost a 5k run. \n\nThere is a saying in the running community that \"you can't outrun a bad diet\" and it is irrefutable. More so when one is just starting. Running, lifting, and all the rest are a great complement to a proper diet, but will never replace it. "
"Pretty sure you arent going to look anything like your passport photo when it is time to head back"
"What is the recovery period like? I don't have a lot of loose skin but enough around the midsection that I think about this every now and again. The only thing stopping me from a procedure is not being able to work out for a month or two. "
"Hey, I don't post on here much...or ever, but I just thought I would let you know that reading this post has inspired me to start losing weight seriously this year. As a 5'6\" 17 year old that weighs over 200 lbs I know it is time for me to change. I have tried before, but I've always had the attitude that I can just start tomorrow or that I am too far gone to get healthy again because I don't have time between school and work. I want to change before college starts next year and I want the change to be for good. Will you be my accountability buddy? "
