"[O rly?](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmbZLbJkg1A)"
"&gt;there is a very real chance that patrol knows something you don't know\n\nI had a patroller throw this one at me once. He had been on the mountain for two years. I've been here for nearly 20. Sometimes patrollers have a napoleon complex where they think they know everything, know every inch of the mountains, and are almighty. Protip: you're not. Unless you've been skiing on and patrolling a mountain for many years, there's always going to be one or many people who have been there longer, have more experience, and actually know every inch of the mountain. Don't talk down to me and treat me like a dumbass if you want respect, especially from someone who knows everyone in town."
"The age-old debate. Folks like to point out that there are so many flat spots in Alta that require a lot of skating and poles and even the skiers have to work to get around, which is somewhat true. It's only certain areas though, so I feel like it's the beginner/intermediate crowd who would have a bad time. Go up there the week after they're closed and watch all the boarders running down the High Rustler. But that's the way Alta chooses to run things and there's a lot of old money that likes to keep it that way.\n\nMy favorite part of that video though is the bit where the guy comments on the noise snowboards make."
"Also in Michigan. It's hella fun in the park"
"Fuck. I head up tomorrow"
"Me too, heading up the 4th-12th. I've been suffering at Tahoe lately. "
"That a fact? For now on I'm going to PM you links to all reposts I see."
"A tip that helped me recently. \"Keep your upper body completely vertical.\" We always hear \"quiet upper body\" but sometimes it's hard to feel it out when your on the slopes. Upper body vertical is a good way to give you that [nice C angle between your legs hips and upper body](http://cdn.epicski.com/8/82/600x491px-LL-82dcd098_PlatformAngleturns.jpeg) that usually corrects a lot of other problems."
"[@5:53](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YwWDMAEYe5c&amp;feature=g-high-rec&amp;app=desktop#t=5m54sec), who the fuck walks through the parking lot with their boards still on....mind blown. Also, this is an old video, somebody mentioned Taos doesn't allow snowboarders, that rule doesn't exist anymore. I poke fun at the old skiers vs. snowboarders argument, but when it comes down to it, you're both people that are strapping planks to your feet and making turns down a snow covered hill/mountain...."
"I think throwing the tnt in front (downhill) of you is far safer than throwing it behind (uphill of) you."
"I'm there right now, let me tell you it is not great. there are a ton of people and not enough snow to support them. High traffic areas are starting to show rocks, and the snow is just getting trashed due to the high volume of skiers/boarders. There hasn't been any fresh snow in a while, apparently there is supposed to be a little bit on thursday but not enough to make it great. I had a good day in the backcountry but that's pretty much all that is good right now."
"My cousin almost lost an eye because some asshole boarder went to fast in a slow zone. So yes. Please. Go slow in the slow zones. They are marked for a reason."
"you're a liar. Why don't you wax your skis better instead of trying to look cool in the park?\n"
"Our race team gets yelled at all the time. I encountered a really pissed patroller after a Super-G race…. C'mon man I'm on 200+ cm skis, chill out."
"totally on your side with this. "
"Wow dude. Ever since the \"poles in park\" thread you are just hell bent on starting shit with everyone aren't you?\n\nTake a break and go skiing, life isn't about how many people you can argue with on the internet.\n"
"OP said he would just do this on gradual slopes, I wouldn't try this on a real hill of course."
"[deleted]"
"the whole ski"
"Which mountain is wasting their patroler's talents on enforcing slow zones? That job should be reserved for those who can't ski well enough to be patrolers. "
"Sounds like Colorado last year."
"[deleted]"
"They seem to fit me pretty well. I ended up buying them."
"Vermont is, uh, Vermont is pretty alright right now. Damn cold though."
"Tram Laps.... Take a break get some waffles at the top and repeat....  Build up the guts and drop in corbet's.... You will never be the same\n\n"
"Try Revelstoke."
"Hey man, no one likes a dude who lies about their ability."
"Everyone who bought them thought they fit too. Until it came time to ski. Then the boots all got returned. To the point that bootfitters stopped even trying to sell them.\n\nI hope they work for you. But they certainly didn't for many others."
"Dude. You started off by saying that only bad skiers hurt their knees doing this. You lost your credibility right there. "
"I'll believe it when I see it. "
"So he's good in the air. I see no indication in this video that this dude can actually ski. "
"Well, I've been up in them three different days now, they feel fine. Just needed a touch of modifying on the tongue and a bit of stretching done to accommodate my wide-ass feet.\n\nI'd like to know where your info comes from, though - my experience in the running shoe game leads me to believe you being a little over-dramatic. Sometimes a product's last doesn't work right for the optimum number of people. It's the nature of the business."
"I'm a bootfitter. And my friend was the Nordica tech rep until they had to downsize and cut his position."
"We are enforcing safe skiing. Which means both safe to others and safe to yourself. The worst injuries we see (and the ones that cause deaths on the hills) are often from people trying to stright-line a hill and end up crashing in to a tree - maybe they caught an edge, maybe they didn't judge their turn or any number of things but going 70mph into a tree tends to result in a call to the coroner "
"This makes me sad. I might try Sun Peaks this week."
"Are you from 1992? Or do you really believe it's just snowboarders and not bad skiers AND bad snowboarders who are the problem? There are crazy amount of out of control skiers too."
"Patrol doesn't know every inch of the mountain (we are told, explicitly that we know only a fraction of what there is to know) but we do know that section of the mountain at that point in the day. Sure, I don't know all the powder stashes on the mountain (I may never know) but I know that intersection, that beginner zone, that congested area like the top-sheet of my skis.\n\nEdit: It's not about respect. I'd really like some respect once in a while - patrol does an important job, I hope you see that - but I'm not out there to gain your respect I'm there to keep the mountain safe."
"It's about being seen. Patrol, theoretical, commands respect better than the Mountain Host so us on the hill, standing around with red uniforms and big white crosses is showing the mountain that we are present. "
"Stevens had 7-11\" forecasted for Thursday pm, now it's down to 3-5\"\n\nI bet it's just going to rain. :/"
"I'm not saying that patrollers are the best skiers on the mountain, we're not but we are confidant skiers. Patrol is way more about sideslipping and pizza than going fast and bombing moguls. There are both good and 'bad' skiers in patrol but all of them can get your ass out of moguls with a sled. \n\nAlso, it's not about you being in control it's about the other people who aren't.  "
"Same, but I'm going to ski :("
"Check vitals to add to what everybody has added. Don't stress the written, just know your anatomy and stick to your gut logic. Longest answer is usually right on this horrible test. Just got my red coat two weeks ago and loving every second of it."
"We ended up throwing four questions out this year. We had two full blown trauma surgeons go through and they only passed by two or three questions. I passed only with discarding those four. "
"That's mostly because slow zones tend to be high traffic, where you get more people you get more accidents. The slow zone reduces the number of crashes but it still means that there are loads of people in a congested area and therefore your bound to have more crashes. \n\nIn all honesty, slow zones tend to reduced the number of serious accidents, it's not gonna stop the knee twists and broken wrists but it might stop the people flying into trees or high speed collisions. "
"I don't know what my credibility has to do with you attacking and starting shit with everyone.\n\nDid you hurt your knee doing this? Is that why you're taking this so personally? "
"I stop everyone who is going faster than the flow of traffic or what is deemed a 'safe' speed for the area I'm working. It doesn't matter if it's turbo-pizza or carving race turns, too fast is too fast. Yes, I tend to be more forgiving to less skilled skier but that doesn't mean they don't get a warning, as for the skilled skiers it's really a case of \"you should know better\". \n\nAlso, you can't avoid every possible collision. You may be able to stop very quickly and avoid most collisions but not all of them. You are not perfect, and that's perfectly fine, but it means that shit can still happen. "
"I understand, and I guess there is no way for any patroller to know if I may be knowing what I'm doing anyway so, better safe than sorry...\n\nThis is why I try not to be an asshole about that when I get caught, you're doing your job.\n\nThanks for answering and happy new year!\n"
"Learn to skate"
"Two reasons. 1: as I get my ski legs back and progress during the season I want a higher din. 2: as we get more snow and more aggressive lines become available I don't want my skis popping off when I'm dropping the chimney or more advanced features. "
"So? I know you racers know how to sideslip, just take it easy, life isn't a race..."
"Once again. I am not taking any of this personally. Apparently I can't disagree with people without taking it personally?"
"I just picked up the Rossie soul 7. They are awesome. Light. Strong. Ski like all mountain charger. I would recommend that if you can afford it. Otherwise pick up some volkl mantra or gotama's that are used and beat the crap out of them until you deserve something better. "
"Wrong. The safest way to get through a slow zone is by going slow. Yes, it is better off sticking to the side but please don't go fast. As much as I love watching the heli land I really don't want it landing because you did the right thing avoiding a skier but then crashed into a tree at speed."
"Looks like they are getting a big dump of snow thursday. 25 cms!"
"Its good right now. Not awesome, but always decent coverage and conditions."
"http://i.imgur.com/SQ6GQ2g.jpg"
"No complaints about the snow up here, other than there is no fresh stuff anywhere.  But perfect coverage everywhere"
"Which is probably about 6cm after subtracting marketing hype. "
"No it's all good, ski patrol is all about being better safe than sorry. \n\nNever be an asshole even the most level-headed patroller will become vindictive but being nice will sometimes be such a surprise that we'll let you off with just a stern talking to. \n\nHappy New Year"
"Get high, stay high. That is where the good snow is. Blackcomb bowl was great these past few days."
"[deleted]"
"[deleted]"
"[deleted]"
"!"
"wooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo"
"Have you got your own boots? Even if you do it might be time to get some new ones. Go to a good bootfitter and let them have their way with you. They'll put you in the best boots for *you*. \nI'd be willing to guess that you're in boots that are too big, in order to accommodate your wide feet. But all that is going to do is make it feel like you need to do your boots up too tight, and that will cut off the circulation in your calfs, causing you the pain. \n\nIf you haven't already get a custom footbed, they'll help to hold your foot in a better position and believe it or not will make them narrower. \n\nBut like I said, the best remedy for your problems is finding the right boot for you. There are some solid options out there nowadays for wide feet and it's possible for the bootfitter to blow out the shell a little to make more room is necessary.\n\nGo with what the bootfitter says, but you'll be looking at 'high volume' boots. [Head](http://www.head.com/ski/products/boots/allride/?region=eu) make some great boots that are a little more accommodating and the concept of the [Atomic Live Fit range](http://www.atomic.com/en-AU/Products/Alpine/Boots/All%20Mountain/LIVE_FIT_100/AE5008760.aspx?filter=) is interesting."
"Are people saying this?"
"But not this year... so far..."
"Try guiding a blind skier with people shooting down right next to you. Or tethering a sit-down ski.\n\nEDIT: I can't spell"
"Hi! I live in Jackson Hole. If you have any specific questions, feel free to ask me. A few things to keep in mind: \n1. The difficulty rating in Jackson Hole is harder than most other mountains (i.e. some blacks might feel like a double black, etc.)\n2. If the gondola, teewinot, and tram all have large lines, you can take eagles rest to sweetwater to Casper and get anywhere on the mountain from there.\n3. They have a new pass system at the mountain where it wireless detects your pass, you do not have to take out your pass for it to work. Just keep it in your breast pocket."
"You can have some of our snow, MN is covered "
"This is pretty much the worst thing you can do.  Read the statistics at ski-injury.com.  The most common case of injury is a collision caused by someone going too fast in the margins of a blue run.  Intermediate runs are pretty much the most dangerous runs on the mountain.  This is why on busy days you'll find me over on the black runs no matter how chopped up and shitty they are."
"where did you find this?"
"Yeah, I missed the Super Combined because it was snowing too hard.\n\nI ended up skiing that day instead but I am still sad I missed that event."
"Granted, you might be able to go a bit faster by doing this on a straight trail, but forget turning or doing anything at all while you are sitting down like that. A real tuck is usually better, and it keeps you forward. (I have 6 years racing experience)"
"The resorts in Washington state are really bad about this too.  It's annoying enough on skis, but I really feel for the snowboarders who have no other option but to hike what could be up to a quarter mile flat, bonus tears are shed if it's a pow day."
"As someone who was at Killington last weekend, yes. Damn cold. But pretty alright. "
"It's too bad you can't use \"don't be a moron\" as a legal disclaimer.  I'm with you on this.  Your slow zones are generally set up in high traffic areas where they shouldn't be going fast anyways, and most people can't pick up on that.  "
"What I was told by a senior patroller was to look for the gapers that were speeding because typically they are the ones that couldn't control their speed if they had to in short notice. The good skiers usually are going faster than the gapers but they don't appear to be speeding because they are in control.\nThat being said I still tell the people that are obviously in control to just take it easy through the slow zones.\n\nAnd at my resort we currently have a strip that is about 15ft wide on the main run(only enough snow to cover half the run). So through that strip we say stay at the speed of traffic. What that means is the fast skiers are now having to go the speed of the beginners. The beginners are pretty consistent in their speed and the better skiers can match that speed or go just over.\n"
"What I was told by a senior patroller was to look for the gapers that were speeding because typically they are the ones that couldn't control their speed if they had to in short notice. The good skiers usually are going faster than the gapers but they don't appear to be speeding because they are in control.\nThat being said I still tell the people that are obviously in control to just take it easy through the slow zones.\n\nAnd at my resort we currently have a strip that is about 15ft wide on the main run(only enough snow to cover half the run). So through that strip we say stay at the speed of traffic. What that means is the fast skiers are now having to go the speed of the beginners. The beginners are pretty consistent in their speed and the better skiers can match that speed or go just over."
"Pretty much what people said here so far, keeping more pressure on tongue of the boot, keep your hands out in front, and in turns try to keep equal pressure on both legs, not just side you're turning on. "
"Not trying to be a dick but a lot of stuff that happens on a ski run follows the same laws as on the road. For example a hit and run on a ski run in California is a felony just like on the road."
"Keystone will kill you if you try going fast. They are a Vail resort and therefor very big on safety - also I know the patrol is being especially anal about speed control because last year they had something like 3 deaths on the mountain related to speed. \n\nSlow is to do with the flow of traffic. If the area is full of beginners than you're going as fast as a beginner skier. If you on a more advanced run the flow of traffic is faster and therefore you are allowed to go faster. In a congested area you should be going extremely slowly, into a merge is the same. Just er on the side of caution, if patrol waves/yells/whistles at you then you need to slow down.  "
"If you don't mind, what mountain is this? I ski a lot in NH."
"I've got orthodics in both my boots, and i believe what you're saying is true.i have to usually tighten it up a lot, and it cuts off my circulation a bit, but still feels unstable as if my foot could slip out of the bindings."
"Yes and that's exactly what going from 3 to 2 is. I would never recommend for anyone trying to turn. \n\nI raced too. What are your points?"
"Exactly this."
"I know how you feel, I was once 17 and was one hell of a reckless skier but I'd never hurt anyone so I thought all was good. I never understood why patrol were so annoying, clearly I was a good skier and they ought to be able to see that but it's a lot different from the other side of things. \nOpening week I got a call out to a collision in a slow zone, it was a teenager who'd hit a little ski schooller by mistake. The teenage was a great skier but the kid had \"spun 180 and fallen right in his path\", little kids and even beginner can do that, they catch a tip and spin right around. The kid was fine but really, really shaken up and ended up being taken to the clinic as a precaution. The teenager felt awful. "
"A simple test to tell whether the boot is the wrong size is whats known as a shell check. Pull out the liners, and slide your bare feet into the shell of the boot, so your toes are touching the front. Then with two fingers crossed (they should be about an inch thick) slide your hand down the back of your calf. Those two crossed fingers should fit comfortably in between your heal and the back of the boot. If you can flap them around the boots are too big. Also, you shouldn't be able to feel the sides of the shell on your feet while you're doing the shell check, if you can they're too narrow. I'd guess that you'll have both those issues with your current boots; too much length and not enough width. A bootfitter will get you in the right boot for you and fit you so that both those things are spot on for you, not compromising one for the other which leads to all sorts of problems. "
"Ok I'll keep that in mind"
"While I do have a lot of experience, I am only starting as a U16 this year, so my USSA points are sitting right at 990."
"so the more skilled skiers are discriminated against to a higher degree when they can control their speed than the beginners who are given a pass because, hey, they might not be in control but they probably don't know they should slow down?  may I say dafuq?"
"Really? what does it do for them besides piss off their customers?"
"dude it's been BRUTAL so far but dont worry season hasnt even really started yet its still preseason this happens fairly regularly...forecasting at least 19cm on thursday, with a bit of luck friday is gonna be a great pow day and it's only gonna keep going from there!"
"Yeah these are the worst. I've been yelled going \"fast\" (probably only 10mph) for passing folks, at a safe distance, in one of these zones while on a snowboard. But if I slow down I'll come to a halt which will only make the congestion situation even worse."
"Oddly enough, I've had to skate way less out in Washington than on the east coast. Once you know the runs I've rarely needed to unstrap except for that area by the Green Valley lift at Crystal."
"You can't turn like that. And you'll look like a fucking moron. \n\nSource: I ski the whole mountain. "
"Earn your turns. "
"They're saying they can't mark every inch of out of bounds with a rope and it's up to you to know where out of bounds  is and to respect it. \n\nA kid died a year or two ago in an inbounds avalanche at vail. He was on a closed trail, but his family is suing saying he accessed it through an open trail. So they're basically trying to protect themselves by saying if you cut through some trees, you could end up on a closed trail. "
"I bet he has a \"Ski Van\" anyone want free skis?"
"I'm in BC and I've heard the news about Whistler, it seems like Manning is the only popular ski hill that's doing alright.\n\nEDIT:In the lower mainland."
"good point. thanks!"
"As a new patroller.... I'm there for the free skiing. Do whatever you want as long as you don't get someone hurt. Luckily I'm at a private mountain so slow zones and being a speed scruge aren't part of the job."
"As a patroller I agree. There's mountain staff who can be out there instead. Some mountains around here have \"mountain helpers\" for these tasks and others."
"Not willing to buy the best when i can just have an alternative setup for resort only the same cash. "
"That's actually how my mountain prefers it. Rather know you can ski before wasting your time in oec."
"Doctors and surgeons tend to have a hard time because they know the more correct answer/ know what they personally would do from their training. The oec test is about what a oec trained person should do."
"He/she never said to go fast up the side. You're making assumptions."
"I think here in Fernie we have the best coverage in Canada. Whitefish has the most in North America they claim. "
"I love going fast bit how is bombing the mountain fun?\n\nThey consider slow different between patrollers. As long as your going slow enough to maneuver around people without cutting them off you should be fine."
"Good thing he's in a slow zone and not an avalanche area then."
"[deleted]"
"I was skiing with a friend at my local resort (Grand Targhee, if you have to know), and there hadn't been any fresh in a few days, so I was bombing groomers for fun. I sped past a 'slow' sign, and this random guy yells, \"hey bu-\" and I didn't hear the end of his sentence. I stopped to wait for my friend a little ways down the mountain, and the guy stops right behind me. He threatened to pull my pass if he saw me skiing that fast again, which I wasn't too worried about, because I had only bought a ticket for the day. I was thinking, \"what the hell, this guy isn't ski patrol, what can he do\", and it was a few hours later that I recognized his voice. It was a police officer who had taught a shooting class I had taken a few months back. I still don't know wether he could have actually pulled my ticket or not. "
"Do it! Tons of fun. I just finished OEC and start S&amp;T Sunday! Its a lot of up frint training time though, so be warned."
"There is a glimmer of hope!! \nIts hard to ski on rocks."
"yeah this guy has way too good for colorado. nothing to challenge his skillz"
"Fernie is in great shape, lots of snow forecasted for Friday "
"or at least don't ski near my sled with a patient in it. that really freaks me out when I'm pulling a sled and get cut off."
"its just when those greens and blues become the road to get food or get to a lift that is a pain, but OP is right \n"
"You don't talk about king of the Mountian?"
"Looks good. I'm usually down there in the summer for race training so I wanna see it in the winter like this! "
"Bacon "
"Don't buy boots without trying them on. Go to a good bootfitter. Boots are the far more important piece of equipment and its worth spending a little extra to get them right first time. The reason you need to go to a bootfitter is no one (or internet review) can give you any sort of recommendation for boots without a thorough examination of your feet.\n\nEvery model of boot has subtle differences that will suit one person's feet over another, it isn't just a matter of size and isn't comparable to buying a pair of shoes in any way. A bootfitter will take several things into account when fitting you. Obviously your feet (size, shape) but also things like your weight and ability play a large role in dictating the right boot for you. \n\nBut to answer your question the Mondo Point sizing used for ski boots is same across the board. The difference will be in the flex and construction of the boot. But please, do yourself a favor and go and see a bootfitter."
"After so many years here I don't believe any forecast beyond 12 hours."
"Hood life!"
"I really want to. I'm going to wait until I'm out of college first so I can make more of a time commitment. "
"&gt; Also you don't know how many crashes I've seen because a skilled skier has avoided a beginer and because the beginer gets nervous by someone flying by them they have crashed.\n\nI havent really been skiing much but Ill take an example of me longboarding/biking on a sidewalk.(okay, i was a kid, dont judge me for not being on a road) I would rather have people stay still, and I will easily avoid them, rather than spazzing out at someone. \n\nIve also experiences people biking/boarding past when i was walking, and it was relatively easy to stay where i was going than try to dodge. \n\nThe person moving quicker should easily be able to weave through people and the people moving slower should easily be able to keep doing what they are doing. "
"and damn. at least they make good QB's too. especially that payton guy"
"[deleted]"
"http://www.tetongravity.com/forums/showthread.php/155628-FUCK!!!!!!-the-ski-world-will-never-be-the-same\n\nshould read^^\n\ni just think this tgr post does justice to how influential if impact he had"
"Great minds think alike I guess. If the snow ends up being horrible, or if it's great and you know of good places to go we should A: meet up for drinks and bitch about the snow, or B: ski some awesome powder. \n\nI've never skied whistler, so I'm not sure what to expect."
"The ski patrol there is terrible. They literally hide in the woods and pop out of nowhere. I was doing some race training drills last season and almost got my pass pulled because I was going \"too fast\"."
"[deleted]"
"Oh, based on your previous comment I made assumptions. Looking at weather reports they should be getting some snow this week, and hopefully more next week."
"My guess is Waterville Valley based on his response to a thread of mine where he said he was skiing there earlier this week. I could be wrong though."
"Not sure how dedicated you are / how important the money is to you, but I'm sure you could take them to small claims.  Honestly, if you filed a claim, it is likely you would get a call from from someone wanting to get it settled without going to court.  "
"busted forecast are the new norm here in Tahoe. Been over a year since the last real powder day with any real base. When it comes I'll be happy but honestly im all set with getting excited about any forecast, tired of the letdowns. This place can be absolutely horrible when it's bad. We are due."
"Total slush haha. Loved it though"
"whistler has.........a bit of snow......just a tiny bit"
"That's because Blackcomb has a glacier on it - You can ski &amp; get snow two-thirds of the way up that peak even in the spring &amp; summer!"
"Reduce lawsuits. "
"Ahh, yes, I'm more or less a neon bullet as well. Bright green pants, blue coat, green helmet. Probably all over the place or crashed into something because I'll be distracted by my new goggles with an hud. "
"Actually you can turn like that, if you're good enough... I also don't really care what judgmental people think of me. Congrats on being able to ski the whole mountain though.\n\nSource: I'm better than you"
"It looks the same in western austria :("
"If by perfect coverage you mean exposed rocks everywhere, barely skiable chutes and trees and hard packed ice everywhere then yes, it is absolutely perfect. "
"huck it dude?what are you worried about?"
"No, a couple regions further north :)"
"Salomon 1080's"
"JAH BE PRAISED, ONE LOVE MY BRETHREN"
"This years punx are stiff as fuck"
"TC reference"
"You'd better be a good eastern skier, otherwise Jackson will destroy you. The typical \"I ski mostly blues at Okwmo\" skier doesn't stand a chance at Jackson where the blues are steeper than anything in Southern Vermont. "
"I'm 5' 3\", 145 lbs. I have size 150 rossignol rpm junior skis that I took to my local ski/board shop to get fitted to me, sharpened and waxed.  "
"Go to a boot fitter. My dynafits are 26.0, my head boots are 25.5 and yes it can make that much of a difference. I got the heads with a 110mm last rather than the slightly narrower standard.  \nWhile boots might feel fine in the shop, compression of the liner can make a snug boot very loose in the course of a season. \n\nAs suggested, go see a decent boot fitter. "
"Most honest answer here!"
"You picked the crappiest picture of the whole bunch!!"
"[deleted]"
"This year isn't the greatest, but you should definitely check out hood in winter! "
"cool story bro"
"Nah man I've skied out west and in Europe and raced for a while. Like to think I'm a good skier"
"Whistler, Tahoe, Socal, and even the PNW in general is suffering. There has been this high pressure blob over socal for the past like....eternity it seems like.\n\nThis blob is so big that is basically pushing storms away from socal - and the PNW, Utah, and even Colorado is affected by this. All the storms have been dropping from Canada and showing up in Bozeman/Jackson - and then struggling to get to Colorado or Utah due to this fucking massive high pressure system.\n\nThat is my take on this whole situation. I have been paying maddd attention to this because I am booking a \"where the snow is falling\" trip for Jan 14th, and I am booking it on the 7th.\n\nSteamboat Springs, Bozeman, and the Tetons have been doing so well for themselves its hard to consider any other place at this time."
"I don't really mean ice but repeatedly melted and refrozen hard pack, which tends to be what indoor hills have."
"When are you going? I am possibly heading there if its going to snow. I have been to Jackson/Targhee before on vacation. Might be cool to poke around together."
"I'm leaving a week from today "
"Saw a dude take a probably 1,500 foot fall trying to ski the old chute above the resort on Sunday! Guess it's not the greatest idea to ski 45 degree slopes when the \"snow\" is just a huge sheet of ice. "
"Ah, I will be there (if they end up getting snow) from the 14th onward."
"Wow, sick skis!"
"But I really AM the best skier on the mountain"
"I'm still glad to be here (just moved to Hood Rover to work at Meadows a few weeks ago).  Still clinging to hope that the tales of Spring snow here is plentiful.  But you are right, it is a fun mountain, regardless!"
"Is it hard to really lay down holding an edge and carving after you detune em? I haven't tuned my skis the entire time I've had them but they aren't the best for buttering. I have some old Fischer Addict Pros."
"ohhhh prreeeettyyyyy"
"what kind of bindings did you strap onto those bad boys?"
"[deleted]"
"[deleted]"
"Fuuuck I need new skis."
"Where are you supposed to mount bindings? "
"lol, if the ski hasnt been tuned in 5 years then it is definitely detuned. detuned=not sharp. even if you arent tuning the edges you want to run a gummy stone over the edges when you wax to get rid of burrs.\n\ndont know anything about the addict pros, but ideally for buttering you want a fat ski (as far as jib skis go) that is soft as possible, with some rocker and detuned edges.\n\ni have nordica zeroes, theyre 177 cm, 130/104/130, soft as hell and theyre flat under foot and have long gradual rocker. they were actually designed as powder freestyle skis but they fit the bill of what i wanted exactly so i picked em up and i love them. delorme uses something very similar but with slight camber under foot and a little more directional.\n\nas far as carving goes though thats basically something i dont do much. im generally either skiing pow or in the park and i have a really smeary buttery style so even on hard snow detuned edges are more conducive to that. carving is basically the antithesis of buttering and smearing and you want tuned edges for the one and detuned edges for the other. that doesnt mean you cant learn to butter you addicts though, itll just be harder to learn. i would suggest learning nose butters (and riding switch) first cause its much less stressful on your leg than tail butters."
"Look like some kind of Markers. Those things belong in 2' of fresh!"
"looks like marker griffons"
"Camelback is my ish, cheaper and bigger than creak and it's about hour way from creek. "
"You get the corners of your pass clipped if you go too fast in a slow zone, duck a rope, etc.\n\nIf someone catches you with a clipped pass when you're doing something wrong, you lose your pass."
"Yep. Exactly why Volunteer Ski Patrol exists. Here's your jacket, now go look important. "
"Then you're in good shape.   Be careful, but explore a lot! Also, aspect and elevation REALLY affect the snow conditions. You can ski blower at the top and the worst spring mank at the bottom.  You can frequently find better snow simply by moving from one side of a gully to the other. "
"I have the same bindings on last year's Opus.  So nice!"
"Haha. I think Corbet's needs a little more snow. Unless by \"never be the same\" you mean, \"quadriplegic non-skier.\" Thumbs up for Tram waffles!"
"Holy, looking good!"
"Don't know if Revy is good or not, but I do know that Kicking Horse is unreal good. Easily the best stuff I've ever skied."
"I have my Opus center mounted. Suggested is -2cm. Traditional skis are more like -7cm.  "
"The reason they do it makes sense. Most slow zones really are just greens and easy blues where they know beginners are going to be. These runs are usually around the bottom or otherwise most accessible parts of the resort and get a lot of traffic. When you have beginners and expert skiers on the same run it becomes high risk. \n\nYou'll have a perfectly good skier shredding his ass off who is in complete control, but this means nothing if a gaper comes out of nowhere and smacks into them. People get real fucked up from collisions, so they do mountain safety to manage that."
"Things of beauty"
"[deleted]"
"Icebreaker or Smartwool make nice balaclavas.  Anything you have on your face you really want to be wool since it resists odors, and stays warm even when wet."
"Those skis are a little small for you which well make them feel a bit unstable at higher speeds. I'm 5'2 about 20lbs lighter and as a beginner I started out on 155s. Now that I'm advanced I like 165s for groomer skis and 175s for powder.\n\nYou really should be on adult skis at that height and weight.  The junior skis could be holding you back.  Barring that I agree with others about getting a lesson to clean up your technique.  If you can't afford one then watch some instructional videos online, and try and get a friend to film you so you can see what you are doing wrong."
"powder skis?  Where do you live?"
"I would size up by about 5cms to account for the upturned tail if you like your current length.  Twin tips also mount farther forward in general which will also make them ski shorter."
"I dont have a favorite one, but I recommend one with a breathing hole so you dont fog up, if you wear goggles. "
"That's one of the things I hate most about my scarf method is breathing with solid fabric over my face. I've seen a few that have mesh in front which seems like it would work okay, but I figured I'd ask the pros (you all) what you prefer."
"Ski technology has come a long way in 8 years. Different combinations of camber and rocker designs offer the ability to ski a lot different types of terrain with the same ski. Although \"all-mountain ski\" is sort of a blanket term, there are plenty of twin tip skis out there that are just as home off-piste or on groomers as they are in the park . I'd say you've earned an upgrade after 8 years of working up your skills on the pair you're skiing now. \n\nPlus, nobody says you have to get rid of the old pair if you upgrade. I still ski a pair of old fully cambered parabolics on days when it's a little crusty out."
"Oh man I went to BH on my first ski trip outside australia when i was in year 6. Got 3 feet dumped on us in the first 24hrs, being like 10 years old at the time I could literally disappear.\n\nIt's a quiet little friendly resort with great snow, I very much doubt you would have issues as far as snow goes. It's a bit limited when it comes to acreage and black+ terrain unless you count hiking/cat skiing on the bluffs.\n\nI would have thought Tahoe would be the place to go from vegas, unless mammoth is closer."
"Turtlefur fleece tube with a beanie. Suuuuper versatile, and the beanie is way warm around my ear. Bear in mind this mostly works because my helmet is a bmx helmet with the pads removed"
"You may have responded to the wrong post..."
"yeah, I had several ones that didn't have breathing holes, and I always fogged up. This can differ from goggles to goggles, but generally, I'd recommend one with breathing holes, they are gonna make your life a lot easier :) "
"the reason you don't tell everyone about smoke shacks is that as soon as the forest service finds the location of a hut they will have to destroy it. "
"Makes me feel like I really lucked out by deciding to go to Big Sky this year."
"I say Wear a Top Hat, Good Goggles, and a baklava maybe a SmartWool"
"Oh yeah, I think Bozeman/Jackson are going to be prime skiing areas. The interior B.C. is doing very well also. The storms drop from there and into Montana/Wyoming. But that high pressure zone just fucks with it outside of that area - and its been sending them storms across the Dakotas and east bound.\n\nhttp://www.cpc.ncep.noaa.gov/products/predictions/814day/\n\nThis map shows the path well."
"Overbooking can actually be a great way to earn free travel if you have a flexible schedule. Involuntarily bumping people is really shitty though."
"I get your hate toward United but don't kid yourself, all of the legacy carriers in the US suck ass. Going Delta or AA is no way a guarantee that things will be better. But yes, United has bad customer service. It makes me so sad that they gobbled up Continental. "
"I would recommend going out and seeing what kind of gear you can demo before you buy.  Maybe even rent a few different brands and see if there is anything that you really like."
"Those heel pieces look off, ones farther back than the other."
"After going through a bunch (resulting in a pile of ones I don't like in the closet), I still use my Under Armour coldgear hood/balaclava when it's particularly chilly.  It's thin enough that you can still breathe through it easily without fogging up your goggles, but still cuts down on windchill.  FWIW, I wear a helmet, so it's just my exposed face/neck that needs a little something extra like this when it's really cold.  \n\nDon't get ones that are completely windproof (like stuff made with Gore Windstopper), even if they have a few holes for breathing - they're fine if you're standing still/walking, but at any non-bunny-hill speed, the wind pushes them to cover your nostrils/mouth and you can't breathe much.\n\nThick fleece ones end up with a bunch of condensation which ends up freezing, so eventually you have a solid ice beard on/in front of your mouth/nose.\n\nThe common Serius facemask with neofleece (sort of like neoprene) while warm and full of ventilation holes, still ends up with a bunch of condensation on the interior in my experience, which ends up with a clammy face after a few hours.  They also don't fit my face well, with the top seam either pushing a bit tight on my nose, or so loose it vents air upwards which fogs my goggles.\n\nI'm still looking for a bandana/scarf style that I can put on without having to take my helmet off.\n\n"
"I wear a Buff.  Can use it as strictly neck warmer, face mask, or balaclava.  It's solid material, but still allows you to breathe through it without fogging up your goggles.\n\n"
"get a [Buff](http://www.buffwear.com/buff-headwear/wool-buff). It's basically a thneed."
"Hi there! I just got back late last night. Ended up skiiing Mont Sainte Anne Sunday and Monday. Sunday was bitterly cold, but I had a blast since it was the first day of the season for me.\n\nAll things said, I really enjoyed the mountain. The terrain was a solid mix of  greens, blues, and blacks, with the majority being blues. The only lift that I didn't enjoy was the \"La Tortue\", which is a short lift that brings you to the summit from a side area. It was so painfully slow that I gave up on using it after a few times and instead took the gondola to the top.\n\nMy only other gripe would be that accessing the variety of black trails on the left side of the mountain requires you to trek on a slight uphill for a while. Not the worst thing ever but it burns up energy that I would rather have been expending on the slopes themselves!\n\nI plan to definitely go back to ski there again someday. I think you'll love it."
"skiing in applesauce lol still loving it though!"
"My guess would be Marker Barons (touring bindings).  "
"I'd recommend demoing gear, and also really try to go to a good boot fitter, because they can really help. "
"I've only gotten a couple days on mine but so far they are fantastic! Enjoy!"
"Yea I think I will keep them, I would probably only get $20 for them anyway lol \n\nConsidering that twin tip skis have the bindings centred in the middle, is there a noticeable difference in the way it handles or feels? And should I be able to use my same boots or will I have to buy a new pair as well? My boots are also 8 yrs old. "
"I lived in Vegas for two years; just moved back East. I skied a lot at Brian Head (and Eagle Point too), visiting on a weekly basis during the winters to get my fix.\n\nBrian Head is not some massive ski area -- the true vertical drop is probably around, say, Bromley in Vermont. In fact, [MountainVertical.com uses Brian Head as one of its examples](http://mountainvertical.com/true-up-vertical.html) of how ski resorts cheat when reporting their vertical drop.\n\nThat said, I always found it to be a lot of fun. It's at a ridiculously high altitude (the base lodge sits around 10,000 feet), and that part of Utah gets HAMMERED with snow. A couple years ago, when the rest of the country -- from Vermont, to Salt Lake, to Tahoe, to Washington -- was in a snow drought, Brian Head had piles of snow. It's always great, soft snow too. I skied there in early April 2012 and the whole mountain was still covered in snow.\n\nThey groom out some awesome cruisers (Sunburst to lower Giant Steps, Bear Paw, Aught, to name several), and if there is no shortage of good pitches to hit when the powder is fresh (Giant Steps and Engens are phenomenal from top to bottom, the trail/trees beneath the Roulette chair is great, and Devo's Pitch is a short and sweet dropoff, though it requires some sweating to traverse the flats at the bottom).\n\nThere is also a really good pitch *just* out of bounds to the skier's left of the Alpen Glow chairlift. Again, short and sweet -- just sweep out to the left of Sun Spots to break the powder, then cross back over once you hit the trees.\n\nIf you're not sold yet, here are a few other things I love:\n\n*Navajo Mountain is a separate, entirely beginners' only mountain that keeps all the novices corralled. It's awesome that they get a whole non-intimidating peak to learn on, and it's great for people who like to go fast because you rarely have to worry about running into someone!\n\n*There is a lot of freestyle terrain (and a bag jump, installed shortly after I moved away) located entirely off the Black Foot chairlift. Again, this keeps all the snowboarders and freestylers out of your way. No offense to those who like this stuff, but I grew up skiing a lot at Okemo, where parks and freestyle terrain is randomly dropped all over the mountain, and every trail was clogged with people learning to ski and snowboarders sitting on their asses in groups on the backside of blind knolls.\n\n*Visibility is great. There are few trees. My wife is pretty much an intermediate, and when we separated I could always keep an eye on her, even from a great distance. And I didn't have to worry about anyone running into her because there's so much room. Never crowded either.\n\n*They recently got night skiing. I never went because they got lights just after I moved. But I always have enjoyed little places like Whaleback and Bolton Valley back east for their night skiing, so this would be a plus for me.\n\n*It's CHEAP AS HELL. Condos are cheap, tickets are cheap. I think Tuesdays are $25. If you have time, drive another 45 minutes up I-15 and hit up Eagle Point on one of their cheap days -- it was free to ski there last year on Thursdays, and they likely have similar deals this year.\n\n*It's absolutely beautiful -- Cedar Breaks National Monument is right next to it, and is one of my favorite places ever. Bring some snowshoes and hike out to the breaks, you will not regret it.\n\nTWO THINGS TO CONSIDER BEFORE MAKING THE DRIVE:\n\n1) If they get hit with snow, either rent a 4WD car, or buy snow chains for a 2WD car. If conditions are rough, you will not be allowed to drive up the long, 11-mile road from Parowan without one of those two things.\n\n2) They have semi-frequent wind closures on the Giant Steps (ie, summit) chairlift. Again, there are hardly any trees on Brian Head, and it's at nearly 11,000 feet. So check the weather before making the drive, or even call ahead. I drove up there once all the way from Vegas one morning and turned right around. 5 1/2 hour round trip for nothing, I was pissed.\n\nSo...in conclusion...Brian Head is not Alta, so don't expect it. But it's got a lot going for it, and I always had a great time when I was there!"
"Under Armor Cold Weather Hood"
"These are pretty awesome skis, what brand are they?"
"Go to a good bootfitter for boots. No one or (any internet review) can give you a worthwhile recommendation for boots without a thorough examination of your feet. Anyone who says they can isn't worth listening to. \n\nFor skis you need to give us more information; height/weight, ability, where you ski (location), how you like to ski (aggressively/just cruise around the mountain), what you like to ski (piste/groomed vs powder/offpiste vs park) "
"I would check craigslist. I bought a pair of hardly used K2 obsetheds with marker griffons off of there for like $275."
"Why'd you have to go covering up [the Okami logo](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/b/be/OkamiNTSCcoverFinal.jpg) ;)"
"You damn Europeans always give me a reason to envy other countries. "
"I don't mind the beginners in terrain parks. That's what we all were at some point. They're still learning and that's fine. "
"You Americans just consistently make me feel better about not living there"
"Check out air hole facemasks! They are really nice and breathable (with an airhole), and have a ton of cool designs. You can even get one with the lower half of Hulk Hogans face on it, which looks awesome. I got the one with the mustache that you can tie to fit and really like it.\n\nhttp://airholefacemasks.com/\n"
"That's a stupid thing to say. It effects everyone, not just skiers. And not everyone can skate. "
"Seriously this attitude really bugs me. I see way more out of control skiers than boarders. "
"I didn't even think about how a helmet would come into play. Good point there. \n\nI appreciate your rundown of the different materials. Gives me more to consider."
"And that's two votes for Buff!"
"I do love Turtlefur stuff."
"would be nice if there were some snow in CA so we can use said skis."
"I've looked and haven't found much, besides I'm looking for new skis."
"It will definitely start as rain and change over to snow at some point. Starting snow levels are 6000'+, should turn to snow sometime late thursday/ early Friday."
"Thanks for the input! Sounds like a decent start to the season for you. Cheers!"
"Another vote for the under armour facemask"
"I use a turtlefur tube, its like a buff but fleece on the inside. Mad cozy"
"I wore it yesterday when I was hot lapping the park and they were blowing snow the entire way down. Definitely stood strong through it all"
"I'm also heading out in a week for my first time skiing out west. How's the snow looking?"
"[deleted]"
"That sounds pretty logical, I'll make sure and tone it down a couple notches. "
"Just looked at this and I have heard of this company before. The prices are steep, but I'm sure it's worth it in the long run.  The thing is that I already have my pair of skis mounted with standard bindings, but I'll keep this in mind for my next pair of skis.  Also I think wearing my anti-rotational brace is going to do me just fine the season."
"I was planning on going to a boot fitter somewhere in Steamboat Springs, I don't expect you to know any specific places, but if you do I'd like to hear.\n"
