"they're the in both PS4 and XBONE"
"Lucky."
"And how much do they earn per ps4/xbone?"
"Me too"
"True.  However, they are showing two VJET printers on the DDD products page.  This hints at something more that pure rumor."
"well atleast its not a blank pipsheet"
"Are these OTC stocks?"
"So wouldn't invest about $50 in each of the mRiajuana companies be a smart investment?\nBecause it would cost maybe $2000 but if any of them  becomes a established business in pretty sure it's stocks would pay for all the losses.\nSort of Napster and anis morrisette?"
"Trade king same cost"
"Everybody getting ready for 2014."
"They are still speculation stage and trade like a penny stock.  I've been able to ride the major up and down.  Bought in at 8 or 9 and sold at 13.  Bought back in with an average of 9.8 (admittedly timed the dip wrong, but held regardless).  \n\nToday was nice for me and I'll probably sell on this run up and buy back in the dip, but I'll be long after that.  \n\nThis company is a speculation play and I think they are worth it.  This isn't a \"make a few hundred dollars, maybe a few thousand if you have a lot of capital\" company.  This is a hold for 3 years and make 500% of your initial investment.  They are easily a $100ps company in 5 years assuming they are able to print live livers.  Maybe 50-70 if they are able to create a strong market following around drug trials with what they have at the moment.\n\nIt's still a bunch of ifs though.  IF they manage to successfully commercialize they will be big  I think they will and I think the upside is better than the downside here.  If you are willing to hold for 2-3 years, I think you'll make money regardless of when you buy in in the next few months.  My hope is that they become as big as I think they can, but regardless I don't think I'll regret staying long."
"I feel so important having ToS open with charts on all three screens with trend lines, technical studies, and level II quotes as well. Way too much info to look at all at once but damn it looks cool. "
"Have had no problems with Ameritrade. I had an account there when they were called Datek. $9.99 per trade. When you first join they will give you some free trades; don't know how many."
"other currencies are the worst possible investment you could ever own\n\ncommodities like gold are good only during extreme bear markets but 2014 is projected to be better than 2013 so gold will probably continue to perform poorly. you would be better just buying coffee or sugar.\n\nwhat you are probably looking for is inflation proof stocks and etf's like VIPSX\n\nthe fund has been falling in the face of a growing economy and i think its going to fall a bit more as rates are still going to rise a bit more in the short term. but if you are truly a bear this is probably your best bet"
"Yahoo owns 24% of Alibaba, so you can own it now if you think it's worth enough to justify buying Yahoo. "
"Seems the big volume is Jan 18--not sure why. But it sure as hell does make you think. Good pickup, OP."
"How do you know those calls aren't being sold though?"
"I think it could go up or down."
"DDD - 3D printing is on the rise. Look at all the mega sectors that are taking it up; automotive industry, medical industry, etc. And the tech will only get better. (Bought at 16.7 now at 92.93)\n\nVOD - or any mobile phone network/bandwidth provider, whoever owns the bandwidth must be laughing, hardly a sector that isn't obviously going to grow. Everything is going to move to the cloud, a desktop OS is soon going to be a thing of the past. (Bought at 173 now at 237)\n\nGA - very cheap price for a profitable gaming company. I think gaming is only going to become more popular across all devices. Another growth stock IMO.  (Bought at 8.2 now at 11.24)\n\n"
"No really, the volume is shit, to flip this for a decent profit you need volume, you might be able to buy but probably will have a hard time selling."
"Good point. I'll stick with NQ and SGLB for now."
"Trtc is also good, up allot in last month but still has a long way to go."
"I've made money off CBIS the passed 2 years. Buy when it's around .030, sell when it spikes. It has done it every single time."
"Would something like Gainskeeper be what you're looking for?\n"
"Looks about right... Do I need to have had it for the year 2013?\n\n\"Because GainsKeeper tracks capital gains throughout the year, investors can generate Schedule D for tax filing.\"\n"
"Earnings report is out Jan 14, Jan 18 is the next closest expiry."
"&gt; I, personally, trapped once in this situation. When the market is hyped, and the stock I had been watching, was showing a good uptrend sign, even though my system gave no buy signal. I got excited! I bought it and I sold it a few weeks later at loss. I should have understood that I should not trade for excitement\n\nThis article does got give any insight into profitable investing. Just because one stock is unpredicable doss not mean it is a stock that you won't make money on. And as far as risky investments go for short term growth vs  relatively less risky investments and long term growth goes. Anyone who buys a stock is risking every penny. And its all about your stock strategy, no one strategy is defiantly \"better\" than another. Personaly I would rather bet pennies for dollars"
"I think that it depends on your brokers connectivity. \nIn the past, I have used an offer from my broker and gainskeeper seemed to import my trades directly from my brokers servers. \nAlso- my broker at that time had an offer.\n I'm now on IB and they have a built in report that I was able to use. "
"Also, apologies if this is the wrong subreddit or against reddit rules."
"P/E ratio is too high for me. I was looking at NLY or AGNC. Those are also at lows and good buys with the fed cutting back. Source: Highly considering buying in the next 48 hours."
"I just started an account with Open Accounts and so far it is great. It is only 3-5 dollars per trade and no monthly or annual fees."
"Thanks, I have fidelity and will ask them if TurboTax is the way to go or if they provide their own. "
"I am not sure but I think fidelity has a turbotax import function. This would be what makes the high commissions worth it. \nI started out with ameritrade, and they had gainskeeper for free.\n"
"Premiums are tiny for post-earnings options, especially with that interest. Interesting."
"Silly question, but don't online brokerages keep track of these gains for you by law? I was under that impression that they generated end of year reports for you..."
"Plus500 does CFDs on equities, not actual shares. CFDs are far more expensive, having greater spreads, and often involve a cost of carry (financing charges.) \n\nThe only advantage to CFDs for a trader in your shoes is leverage. And despite what most new traders feel about leverage, it's probably just going to cause more harm than good. Here's the thing, Plus500 relies on leverage to make a profit... that might not makes sense on first pass, but think about it this way: They make money in one of two ways, either the trader busts out and they've taken the other side of the trade (which is the nature of CFDs, you are trading against the broker and they profit when you lose,) or you prove consistent and they hedge out the trade in the underlying market and just make money from the widened spreads they charge on CFDs. In both cases, giving the trader access to leverage HELPS the broker make money, either by enabling the trader to bust out faster, or by enabling them to churn more contracts than they'd otherwise be able to with their funds. They aren't providing leverage as a feature for the trader's benefit, regardless of what their marketing says.\n\nYou want an actual stock broker. It will require a larger account balance than what Plus500 boasts, but you'll get the underlying stock at a cheaper rate (the actual bid/ask spreads in the market, not their marked up CFD spreads.)\n\nInteractive Brokers would be an example of one that has access to India's market atop of the common North American and Euro exchanges. \n\n\n"
"It is interesting, and I'm probably going to throw some $$ in and see what happens. "
"They do, but if I remember from last year correctly I cannot just attach their end of year report. They need to be imported into a 3rd party program if I am not mistaken. "
