"This is exactly what I thought when looking at these pictures... the poses are all out of whack (hyper extend much?), and there's definitely some alterations that have been made to the images."
"Look up Geeta Iyengar and Abhijata Iyengar. Some of the best teachers in yoga are pear shaped."
"I don't have one of those; does it help at all...?\n"
"[Malasana](http://www.yogajournal.com/poses/2472) may work. :)"
"Maybe I should have been more specific and said that is the name in the vinyasa tradition. "
"The vinyasa tradition comes directly from Ashtanga. :)"
"Is that a poop joke?"
"I use The Mat by Lululemon and it's amazing.    We'll worth the $68. http://shop.lululemon.com/products/clothes-accessories/yoga-mats-and-props-mats/The-Mat-32428?cc=12175&amp;skuId=3522126&amp;catId=yoga-mats-and-props-mats"
"I have signed up as well, but have only done their 12 days of gratitude prior to this one. I am looking forward to it but would also like to hear from someone else who may have done this before"
"How often do you practice, and how long did this take you? "
"the article came with a bad byline and then undersold how they approach flexibility and balance. "
"I could be totally wrong in my assumption, it just appeared to be a similar colour and texture. Either way, great mat."
"First I've heard of it, guess I'll go take a look!"
"[deleted]"
"I was taking a yoga class at my college while I was pregnant and the only things I wasn't allowed to do were any twisting poses and anything on my back.  I still did inversions (although it was bad for my heartburn)."
"I agree with KnowsTheLaw. Sometimes a wrist pain can originate, believe it or not from misalignments or tight areas in the neck or shoulders. I also had wrist pain when I started yoga, which felt like inflammation around my wrist. I used the same modification of resting on my fists instead. Every once in a while I'd gently try to place my palms flat. Sometimes it almost didn't hurt at all, and after warming up, the pain might go away for a bit. After quite some time, it cleared up on its own. You might get lucky and have the pain clear up on its own as you gain strength and flexibility, so modify however you need to!"
"I'm still new to yoga (i started a month ago), so my goal is rather adventurous... #yogaeverydamnday\n\nAlso to hold crow for more than half a second! \n"
"I use these guidelines. I'm pregnant with twins and the only mods I did to my Vinyasa practice my first tri were no bridge or twists. Now in my second tri I do open twists (twisting the opposite way from crunching the abdomen), take core work lightly, do a balancing table or shoulder work during locust or other on the tummy poses and upward dog instead of cobra. I've reincorporated bridge and have continued inversions (although I always use a wall because I don't trust my balance lol). As for laying on the back I use a bolster angled on a block. Who knows what the third tri will bring!"
"Oops forgot the link! Sorry I'm on my phone...\nhttp://www.yogajournal.com/practice/767"
"Yes! What she said. Twist open rather than close, you can still do inversions if you feel comfortable, forward folds are fine but open your legs wide enough for your belly. You can lay on your back but use props like a bolster and blanket to prop you up. Take a side lying savasana rather than on your back. If you do legs up the wall (which helped me with my very swollen feet during third trimester) then put a rolled up blanket under your tailbone. No deep back bends and obviously nothing on your belly. "
"Here are some good links for office yoga. Some specifically focus on poses you can do in your chair.\nhttps://www.google.com/search?q=office+yoga&amp;oq=office+yoga&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57j0l3&amp;sourceid=chrome-mobile&amp;ie=UTF-8&amp;hl=en-US&amp;espv=1\n\nI have low walls on my cubicle, so don't do much in my chair because everyone can see me (including clients) so I do some of the simpler, less obvious stretches. Int he bathroom I may do a forward bend, then move into a lunge, then warrior pose. I repeat on the other side.\n\n I may also clasp my hands behind my back and go into a forward fold, gently allowing my clap sped hands to raise up and over my head, making sure to continue adjusting my shoulders so the shoulder blades are sliding down my back,away from my ears. \n\nTo stretch your pectorals and shoulders, walk toward a corner, arms bent, and place your hands on the walls, far enough out that you can continue stepping toward the corner while stretching the shoulders. Make sure to hold your neck erect, it will try to lean forward. Tuck your tailbone, you may find your hips wanting to sway forward. Hold for a count of 20. \nStep back slightly and slide your arms up the wall until they are straight. Move forward again, maintaining the alignment mentioned earlier, hold for a count of 20. Remember to breathe slowly and steadily. Do not hold your breath. Be in the moment. Notice areas of tightness and breathe into those areas until they relax. \n\nFind what works for you, and make sure you find a reason to get up and walk around a bit every 20 minutes or so, even if it's only for one minute. Luckily my own job pretty much demands this, and it has helped my back and shoulders tremendously. \n\nBest of luck!"
"I would be concerned about your elbow and knee the most. These areas take a serious beating anyway in vinyasa flow classes, so pushing it now could be a mistake. Maybe take another day off and reevaluate from there. I practice every day and when an injury or illness occurs, it feels ok to take time to recuperate."
"I'd say you maybe should take a break for a few days so you can be sure you don't have some injuries you aren't aware of her. If you can, get to a doctor and have them assess whether you should be doing any activity for a while. Don't mess around, if you've torn anything or there is inflammation, heat and ice may be necessary, and rest, and then move slowly back into yoga as you are a little more healed. \nWhatever you do, if it hurts, don't do it."
"Yoga modifications during pregnancy is dependant on your trimester and how much yoga you did before you became pregnant. Also, I can't think of any clinical studies on the effects of specific poses and pregnant women. Most of what we know is 'best guess' which is why there are conflicting guidelines. As always listen to your body.\n\nThe concern about boat posture comes from a concern about abdominal muscle separation that can happen as the belly grows in pregnancy. I would recommend avoiding poses that focus on the abdomen like boat. \n\nThe concern about being on your back comes from two things. First, many women find it uncomfortable to be on the back. Second, the added weight of the belly can put pressure on nerves and veins in the low back and lower circulation/cause pins and needles. There are people who advise against any supine postures, but I think it should be ok so long as you are comfortable, and you don't stay in the position for an extended period of time.\n\nThe concern about avoiding inversions comes from the concern about abdominal muscle separation since poses like headstand and shoulderstand require abdominal strength to lift the legs. On top of that I have read a few articles (mostly written by men) that indicate that when a women is pregnant or menstruating they should not invert because their energy flow should flow downward and inversions flip your energy flow. I did headstand up until 38 weeks pregnant. Baby came out just fine. You do what you feel is right for you.\n\nTwists are avoided because you do now want to compress the belly too much, but you can do an 'open twist' where you rotate away from the bent leg rather than towards it.\n\nOn top of all this, there is also a concern about over stretching the ligaments. You have some lovely hormones that are helping to make room for the baby by loosening ligaments. These hormones mean there is a potential to over-stretch. Enter postures with care and don't push yourself too far into new-found flexibility.\n\nI hope this helps. And please let me reiterate- do what you are comfortable with, listen to your body."
"I so wish we could sit down together and talk to our heart's content, because there are many layers to this conversation going on simultaneously.\n\nLet's back up a minute and talk about that troublesome word God. I personally use it to describe Divine Consciousness - the field of living awareness that is all of manifest and un manifest existence.  God (to me) is completely unrelated to human form or personality. This is similar (kinda sorta) to the Buddhist concept of Dharmakaya. I could write a lot more here, but God in my world has nothing to do with a bearded white guy in the sky, who knows if you've been naughty or nice.\n\nThen that troublesome word \"yoga\".  Hatha Yoga is the system of physical postures (and related practices) that a lot of people love. The earliest Hatha Yoga scriptures date somewhere around the 15th century, although the texts themselves are comprised of earlier writings. They are the Hathayogapradika, the Shiva Samhita, and the Gheranda Samhita. These are the earliest surviving texts about Hatha Yoga which talk about the spiritual, mental, and physical benefits of the hatha yoga asanas. Each of these scriptures are embedded in the Hindu tradition and extol the virtues of Hatha Yoga as a means of attaining union with Divine Consciousness.\n\nBut what of \"yoga\" in its other meanings? The word is often used to describe a system of beliefs and actions designed to reach a goal: the yoga of meditation, the yoga of chanting, etc. \n\nNow here is where you and I may not see eye to eye. Hatha yoga, when we look at the oldest texts available to us, is very much about union with Divine Consciousness - although, as I said earlier, that purpose has been stripped away as it has become westernized.  But \"yoga as a spiritual system\" has been used in a lot of different ways. \n\nA thought experiment: go to the Wikipedia article on yoga and see if you can untangle when they are describing yoga-as-spiritual-system and yoga-as-postures. It's not easy to do...\n"
"I agree with the others. Once you're sure you know what you're dealing with, get back to yoga.\n\nI learned the most about yoga when I was going in with a hamstring torn at the origin(where it attaches at the ischium). I had to modify a ton of poses - couldn't reach below my knees in uttanasana safely for the first several weeks, even warrior poses had to be heavily modified. I learned so much about each pose, the point of each pose (after all, besides leg work, warriors are about side stretches and lengthening the torso and of course breathing), and how to stop trying to do a bunch of poses a particular way and just do a flow, the right one for my body in its present condition, without judgement. I did warrior III without bending forward, I did triangle with my legs together so I could still get a side stretch, etc. I saw how beneficial strength work was - biking 20 miles made my hamstring feel better! - and how strength and stretching work in tandem.\n\nTreat it as a challenge rather than a hindrance and you'll benefit exponentially from the experience. You get to show your body compassion and care, and witness it healing within the framework of a yoga practice. How can I show my body care? should trump When will I be able to do this pose like everyone else?\n\nFinally, ask as many teachers as you can about modifying the poses. Certain ones will know a lot more than others, they're the ones to stick with. For example, only one teacher recommended tying a strap around my thigh to keep the hamstrings firmly in place. Her expertise was a tremendous boost."
"Check the links in the sidebar"
"I practiced everyday for at least 10 minutes. Doing it right when you wake up is a great way to start your day."
"A-spiritual and \"god\" are not synonymous. \n\nB-I read the Wikipedia article and have no trouble at all unraveling yoga from God. \n\nC-you can't really answer a question about God as defined by Christianity using the same word God which apparently you ascribe a different meaning to. If God to you is not a divine entity, then you should have been clear about that initially. "
"I've been enjoying the 30 Day Yoga Challenge from Erin Motz (all available on YouTube). Episodes range from 10-15 minutes. Some days I want a bit more yoga and I start with a few sun salutations or a couple of sequences from earlier episodes. "
"Probably not. Honestly, she was probably not practicing yoga at all. But who cares? That doesn't mean op won't mindfully incorporate it into her yoga practice. "
"I usually only do mobile, I'll switch for I can see them tho thanks"
"Studios will be flooded with Indian men?"
"Jajajajaja Maricarmen que haces poniendo a Kiko Rivera en r/yoga?"
"I broke my shoulder blade during a bike crash 4 years ago. There was no way I could do a vinyasa flow class, I couldn't support my weight in downward dog it was too painful. I did hatha yoga instead and avoided all shoulder related poses. \n\nMy injured shoulder is still weaker now but it took a good 4 months or so before I could start practising moves to strengthen it up again. "
"There's a really nice yoga app available on the iTunes Store called yoga studio that's $1.99 and totally worth it. "
"Claudia Azula Altucher's \"21 Things to Know Before Starting an Ashtanga Yoga Practice\" helped me realize that even though I couldn't access a yoga instructor all the time, I could still be a yogi. Since then, I've practiced, gone on yoga retreat to correct myself, and used Yogaglo. I am still pretty much a beginner, too. Here's the link to the book, though. http://www.amazon.com/Things-Before-Starting-Ashtanga-Practice/dp/1461147743/ref=la_B0051GOGFI_1_1?s=books&amp;ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1388578448&amp;sr=1-1 "
"I have no fashion either. I just like something that doesn't invert itself (if you know what I mean) if I change positions. I feel like yoga should not be me flashing other people. I often wear running clothes, and I have a few \"yoga\" shirts that I got on super sale (and don't match anything) because I don't understand why a practice centered on materialism should want me to buy a flowered shirt that costs more than my clothes. I go for comfort. I've never had fashion in my life, why start for yoga?  In short, wear what you like and rock it:) Namaste. "
"What is your purpose? Physical fitness,  weight loss, respiratory problems,  depression,  spiritual growth?\nIt is better to know it beforehand. "
"There are a ton of DVDs out there that have prenatal yoga. Most of them show the lead teacher doing full poses and then three people in the background at varying stages of pregnancy. Each with a slightly modified pose."
"Not too sure yet.. Most likely quite a few in New Jersey though.\n\nBut I think I might instead of having it be free, make small little assignments that I need done. Maybe when you leave the class, I'll have fifteen or so potted flowers and every student has to plant one, or require every student to write a letter to the sky to tell it how much they appreciate it.. still lots of ideas i'm juicing.\n\nSo anyway, thanks for support.\n\nॐ"
"Naked Indian men!"
"This, I did not know! I've had a few friends ask about it, so I'll have to pass this along! Thanks!\n"
"Welcome back! I think the first thing to do would not beat yourself up or regret leaving yoga for a while. Your practice is individual, and this is part of your journey.\n\nI also suffer from anxiety and yoga helps to take the edge off and provide a sense of balance. It also reminds me of the beautiful things I'm capable of learning, doing, and trying. I do my best to take that away from the class with me.\n\nKundalini is a wonderful practice, my advice would be to make sure and allow yourself to stay in this practice as long as needed before finding something \"more challenging.\" Even though they get your heart rate up, an Ashtanga or Vinyasa flow would help you continue your journey and lower your anxiety in the future by giving you more options for poses and showing you what your breath can help you through on and off the mat. \n\nI'm afraid of flying and have lowered (drastically) the amount of medicine I take for it by imagining while flying, that I'm in a challenging pose and mimic my the breathing I did then. \n\nI hope this helps somewhat! Good luck on your journey!"
"The Naga Babas are coming! "
"Good advice. Hatha yoga for my injured shoulder has been great. I can also imagine with a bunch of road rash you wouldn't want to stretch your scabs out to much with a bunch of vinyasas and dynamic posturing. "
"Thanks a lot. I really appreciate it. "
"On your subscribed reddits section on your mobile, there's an arrow to the right of the reddit name, click on it, that's your sidebar"
"I will be one of those people coming to a new studio at the beginning of the year. My old instructor teaches at a couple of places and since my university class with her is over, I'm going to her main studio. "
"I knew nothing about yoga. To make matters worse, I was in terrible physical condition. I had never stretched with purpose in the  my 30 something years of life so jumping into a full blown yoga class wasn't going to happen. I needed the basics. I needed short classes and I needed structure.  I also wanted cheap, ideally free. I poked around the Internets a bit and found lots of confusing terms. It was as if everything out there all started with the assumption that you knew something already about yoga and the correct way to get into all the poses and whatnot. On YouTube I found Erin Motzs 30 day yoga challenge and it was exactly what I needed. Easy to digest fluid structured classes that are informative and challenging for a beginner without being frustratingly long or too fast paced. I figured I could do anything for 30 days and I'd know right away yoga wasn't for me so I had nothing to lose. We're a bit passed 90 days now and i feel like I can't get enough.\n\nGood luck and happy new year"
"Thank you"
"Originally the physical aspect is what I was interested in. However, after reading about the inner peace yoga can bring you, the personal side has Really interested me."
"To be more specific weight loss general fitness and stress"
"Thank you this is really helpful. Also congrats on finding a workout style to suite you"
"In the New Year, Deborah plans to hold retreats in which she teaches transformational breathing, yoga, meditation, and other techniques designed to center and connect. She is passionate about helping women of all ages find themselves and gain confidence in the person they were born to be. She is a fabulous instructor for young people and is willing to volunteer at schools to instruct in clothing, beauty, and nutrition issues."
"Please don't blogspam or advertise. Occasional links to your blog are okay but please don't post every single time you update your blog. That will eventually get your blog banned and we don't want to do that."
"Yoga does not replace modern medical care. Please see your doctor first and foremost."
"No problem! I probably used mobile for the better part of 9 months before figuring it out, and it certainly made life easier "
"Yeah, it's great to watch how it all shakes out, who stays and who goes.  I'm still the same, still teaching the same class, still saying the same phrases over and over, but to new students there's this wonderful confluence of new confusion and new comprehension."
"Since I'm entering my 22nd year of life, I want to do 22 minutes of yoga a day."
"I've always had an issue with my right shoulder in vinyasa flow classes since I dislocated it two years ago, but good thing I didn't hit my right shoulder otherwise I'm pretty sure It would've gotten dislocated again. Thanks for the advice! :)"
"I'm just going to see a doctor right now to just get a check up, but I'm thinking of getting back to yoga in a week or so. Thank you :) "
"Yeah my right shoulder took a while to get a lil strong after I got it dislocated. I will definitely look into hatha yoga, unfortunately the place that I go to doesn't offer hatha, but they do have ying yang and candle light yin which I will definitely see if I can do that after getting checked by my doctor in a bit."
"[deleted]"
"I want to be able to hold crow for an extended time and of course handstand!"
"I think you should see a doctor. I wish I did when I crashed my bike. My elbow never healed right."
"I had to do it Monday night and with a cold it was very annoying."
"It's almost my cake day and I jus learned it, lol. "
"Finally an asana I can pull off!"
"Take a deep breath and remember that positive forward momentum is a good thing. You are learning to take care of yourself and will make mistakes. You will not be perfect the first, second, or even twenty second time you do it. That is ok. When I was dealing with anxiety attacks I found that I spent a lot of time planning and rarely got to the doing stage. When I did get to the doing things would work out a little differently than I had planned and it would just make things worse. I had to give myself permission to suck a little bit at things.\n\nI don't have specific advice beyond suggesting you visit r/fitness or r/xxfitness and read the side bars. They have a tone of information their on what you can do for exercise and nutrition. Keep up with the yoga. You are going down and amazing path!"
"Thank you for this!  Oh my god.  My left pectoral muscle and shoulder have been so tight and in discomfort for years.  I knew yoga would help, as it did once but I find it very hard to incorporate a regular practice into my routine.  Moves like the reverse prayer I think will help it and something I can do anytime.  I mean honestly the discomfort is so bad I thought I was having a heart attack.  Thank you so much!"
"Aww you're welcome!"
"How strong is your social support structure?\n\nIt's very important to have a strong social network so that you don't feel too alone.  \n\nI am pretty convinced that anxiety is a signal to avoid too much aloneness, which is very easy to have in our modern society.   \n\nThe next thing is to take up a strenuous fitness program -- you want to use up all that restless energy that is currently boiling away inside you, and replace it with the calm and relaxation that comes from a heavy workout.  \n\nIt looks like you are already doing some of this, so the next thing is to just pick something and get started -- as you get more experience you can start refining things, and you will meet people along the way who can give tips.   \n\n&gt;I'm worried about going about it in the wrong way and falling down part way through .... What foods should I avoid in order to loose a little excess weight and enhance my yoga practice? \n\nOne habit to help cure the anxiety is to get rid of that habit of worry -- just getting started will help you feel better, which will increase your motivation.   By going to places where the people you want to be like will be, you can get all kinds of support and great tips from them.   \n\nThat habit of worrying about doing things 'wrong' can keep you stuck and in deep inertia, which will fuel your worry and anxiety.   \n\nTell yourself 'everything will be alright' and get started accomplishing the things you want to do.  "
"[deleted]"
"Some instructors obsess over this pose yet make no corrections to standing poses that can screw up ones knees. Just a little pet peeve of mine.  "
"[deleted]"
